a man in suburban boston is selling snow online to customers in warmer states . for $ 89 , he will ship 6 pounds of snow in an insulated styrofoam box .
the 20th mls season begins this weekend . league has changed dramatically since its inception in 1996 . some question whether rules regarding salary caps and transfers need to change .
bafetimbi gomis collapses within 10 minutes of kickoff at tottenham . but he reportedly left the pitch conscious and wearing an oxygen mask . gomis later said that he was `` feeling well '' the incident came three years after fabrice muamba collapsed at white hart lane .
ruben navarrette : schilling deserves praise for taking on online haters for offensive comments about his daughter . navarrette : in protecting his child , schilling set a model for parenting and taught us a lesson about social media .
rory mcilroy throws club into water at wgc cadillac championship . northern irishman frustrated after pulling shot into water hazard .
walter mondale was released from the mayo clinic on saturday , hospital spokeswoman said . the former vice president , 87 , was treated for cold and flu symptoms .
zully broussard decided to give a kidney to a stranger . a new computer program helped her donation spur transplants for six kidney patients .
a photo of a green woodpecker flying with a weasel on its back has gone viral on twitter . the image was snapped by amateur photographer martin le-may near london . it sparked the hashtag #weaselpecker and has spawned numerous memes .
cayman naib , 13 , has n't been heard from since wednesday . police , family , volunteers search for eighth-grader .
a jihadist group claims responsibility in an audio recording , news agency reports . the malian government calls the shooting a `` terrorist act '' one french citizen , one belgian and three malians are killed .
two american women arrested for carving initials into a colosseum wall . meanwhile , egypt investigating russian pornography film reportedly shot at great pyramids . cambodia 's angkor archeological park experienced a string of nudity-related incidents this year .
comic book artist norman lee went missing in the cayman islands on thursday . authorities called off search on friday evening .
jina krause-vilmar : on international women 's day , focus on helping refugee women adapt to new lives . she says aid agencies like hers aim to help these women build job skills and financial literacy . she says the effort includes educating men about wives ' and daughters ' new roles .
alleged incident happened in match at st james ' park . players face six-match ban if found guilty . evans denied spitting in statement . cisse statement says : `` i let you down ''
it will be a first time for the tour stateside . first show will be in louisville , kentucky .
jeff goldblum set to reprise his role in `` independence day 2 '' liam hemsworth and jessie usher also cast in key roles . sequel will be released 20 years after the original box office smash about an alien invasion .
wichita , kansas , high school students surprise principal with kind-hearted senior prank . `` this is why i do the things that i do , '' the principal says .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
the abducted workers were seized in an attack on an oil field last week . they are from the philippines , bangladesh , austria , the czech republic and ghana . militants have carried out a series of attacks on oil fields in recent weeks .
real madrid slump to defeat against athletic bilbao . solitary goal from aritz aduriz enough to give the basques victory . bayern munich continue bundesliga domination .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
a wag decided to sell `` air from kanye west concert '' on ebay . bidding got to more than $ 60,000 before plug was pulled . others are now doing similar auctions .
more than 100 schools renamed in honor of students killed in a taliban schoolhouse attack . a six-hour siege at a peshawar school killed 145 people in december .
police : officer fired two shots when the man charged at him . the case was immediately turned over to the gbi .
erich nowsch will face three charges , including first-degree murder . he is accused of killing tammy meyers in front of her home . the two lived withing walking distance of each other .
police in japan say they have arrested a man , 40 , after five neighbors were fatally stabbed . the accused shares the same surname as the victims , aged 59 to 84 , local media say . a police official says the man has admitted to the stabbings but refused to comment further .
car bomb detonated near police vehicle in lashkar gah , deputy governor says .
the lack of charges against busch expedited the decision , a nascar official says . kurt busch was accused of grabbing his ex-girlfriend by the throat , slamming her head . he twice appealed nascar 's indefinite suspension and lost .
delta air lines flight 1086 skidded into a fence last week at a laguardia airport beset by winter weather . the ntsb says the crew reported they did not sense any deceleration from the wheel brake upon landing .
according to a pew report , 80 % of internet users have looked up health info online . sites like mayo clinic and others curated by doctors are safer than online forums .
the terror attacks in india left more than 160 people dead . a court granted the suspect bail last year .
the chopper was registered to an air ambulance company . it was en route from tulsa to mcalester .
baby lily was trapped in the car in the cold river for as long as 14 hours . `` she knows everything she knew before anything happened . it 's amazing , '' father says . lily 's mother , lynn jennifer groesbeck , died in the crash .
interim report exposes delays and inaction after mh370 disappeared . flight carrying 239 people and crew has not been found , one year later . took 10 hours for the first search flights to take off , according to report .
#thedress was an internet sensation : is it blue and black or white and gold ? the salvation army in south africa is using it to raise awareness . the reaction has been mostly positive .
north korea apologizes to bangladesh after one of embassy 's diplomat caught with 59 pounds of gold . gold was undeclared , says bangladeshi government .
latest ferguson shootings push strained race relations to breaking point . donna brazile : relationship between police forces and minority communities must improve .
pope has talked of retirement before , but this time he says he think papacy will end after no more than five years . francis says he does n't like the idea of an age limit . ponitff announces a rare jubilee to begin in december .
china sends fighter jets to patrol over border with myanmar following the incident . report : in addition to the fatalities , nine others were wounded .
irs scam has swindled victims out of more than $ 15 million since 2013 . scammers warn of seizing property , prison time . ftc and treasury department have open investigations .
167 people have been rescued , myanmar 's government says . the ferry capsized after being hit by a large wave in bad weather conditions .
actor ashton kutcher complained on facebook that men 's rooms do n't have diapering tables . he offered to give free publicity to the first establishment where he encountered one . kutcher and his partner , mila kunis , welcomed baby wyatt isabelle in october .
a californian startup has developed a circular smartphone called `` runcible '' the provocative anti-phone is meant to be an antidote to our obsession for digital devices .
timothy stanley : gop senators ' letter to iranian leaders seems extraordinary . but undermining a president 's foreign policy is not at all unique , stanley says . he says both left , right have gone around administrations to deal with foreign leaders .
official `` star wars '' universe gets its first gay character , a lesbian governor . the character appears in the upcoming novel `` lords of the sith '' characters in `` star wars '' movies have gradually become more diverse .
the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the suicide bombings . at least 78 people were wounded in the attack , hospital official says .
spain 's ' `` most dangerous path '' due to reopen this month after extensive reconstruction efforts . originally built in the 1900s , the trail 's boardwalks deteriorated over time , forcing the local government to close it .
fred craddock revolutionized art of preaching . craddock was selected as one of the world 's best preachers . he died friday at 86 in georgia .
serena williams makes her return to indian wells on friday . she has n't played at the tournament since 2001 . her dad said he was racially abused at the tournament in 2001 . venus williams still has not returned to the california event .
parents of teens should have a criminal defense lawyer in mind -- just in case , says author . author lisa green calls this the `` unrecognized area '' that parents of teens `` miss all the time '' in 24 states , parents can be held liable for teen drinking in their home .
polls show isaac herzog 's zionist union party four seats ahead of benjamin netanyahu 's party . israeli parliamentary elections will be on march 17 .
spanish photographer ignacio evangelista 's `` after schengen '' project captures images of abandoned european checkpoints . schengen agreement came into force 20 years ago , lifting border controls between participating european nations . border checkpoints range from giant soviet statements to small huts in deep , dark forests .
religion professor candida moss appears in each episode of the program . moss was part of the original study to determine if relics found in bulgaria could be the bones of john the baptist .
thirty-five percent increase in abuses reported . all complaints lead to an inquiry by england 's football association . self-policing fans encouraged to be careful .
cnn 's shasta darlington , who lives in sao paulo , explains who protesters are and what they want . demonstrators are angry about a massive scandal involving state oil company . protesters also are incensed about a stumbling economy .
indian broadcaster puthiya thalaimurai drew protests for a show about traditional necklaces worn by married women . this comes after india banned a film featuring a man imprisoned for a gang rape in south delhi . `` there 's a growing intolerance towards different shades of opinion , '' a broadcasting company ceo says .
the group is made up of one man , four women , 11 children . they were stopped just north of aleppo , syria .
red bull 's no. 1 driver daniel ricciardo says formula one is a `` crueler sport '' last year ricciardo was disqualified from the australian grand prix after finishing second . the 25-year-old is looking for redemption in melbourne on sunday .
a picture of a newborn cradled in the flag raises questions . facebook critics call it desecration of the flag . a navy veteran whose husband is deployed took the picture .
smartwatches have hidden , darker side the companies selling them are unlikely to talk about , says andre spicer . spicer : average smartphone users check phone 150 times a day , starting just minutes after waking up . we 're also likely to become more anxious about things we may never have given second thought to , he adds .
elder abuse claim filed about elderly `` to kill a mockingbird '' author . her second book is out in july but people question her consent to publish .
hillary clinton used a private email address while secretary of state . she 's said she thought her communications to officials were always saved . however , a state department official says emails were n't automatically archived until last month .
media coverage of isis could spur `` real wave of islamophobia , '' report 's editor says . the number of hate groups across the u.s. dropped 17 % from 2013 to 2014 , the report says . in particular , the number of kkk chapters dropped from 163 to 72 in a year , it says .
live-action retelling of `` cinderella '' has an estimated box office debut of $ 70.1 million . liam neeson 's latest thriller , `` run all night , '' opens in soft second place .
after developing symptoms , a worker is moved to nebraska 's biocontainment unit . condition of ebola patient at nih hospital is changed from serious to critical . eight aid workers have already returned , and two more are back monday .
police raided robert durst 's houston condo , his lawyer says . the millionaire real estate heir was arrested over the weekend in new orleans . he 's charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 2000 .
loistine hoskin gave up fighting the city , paying $ 1,200 in fines over a broken-down car . her daughter recounts how she was racially profiled for a $ 124 ticket . ferguson mayor announces reforms so his troubled town can move forward .
kremlin releases images of a meeting it says president vladimir putin held friday . putin spokesman dismisses rumors of ill health sparked by putin 's cancellation of planned talks .
group one million hands sponsors event in tel aviv . they want to see a new prime minister . israeli elections come march 17 .
tairod nathan webster pugh enters not guilty plea to terror-related charges . pugh flew to turkey on january 10 , authorities say . authorities allege a letter on his laptop told his wife he was a mujahedeen .
david wheeler : silicon valley does n't create jobs ; it 's wiping out middle-class jobs . young college graduates are struggling with lack of jobs , yet many still idolize silicon valley .
uk 's metropolitan police summon five people to answer allegations of racism . the group , believed to be chelsea fans , abused a black man on paris metro . video of the incident showed a black man being prevented from boarding a train . chelsea has suspended five fans and will issue life bans if they are found guilty .
arsenal beats man utd 2-1 in fa cup quarterfinal . former manchester united player danny welbeck scores winner . holders arsenal took the lead through nacho monreal before wayne rooney equalized . angel di maria sent off for shoving referee in second half .
french side paris saint-germain knock chelsea out of the european champions league . a goal in extra time from thiago silva sends french champions through on away goals . psg played 90 minutes with 10 men after zlatan ibrahimovic 's first-half dismissal . bayern munich hammer shakhtar donetsk 7-0 to book its place in the last eight .
red cross says tropical cyclone pam destroyed many homes . unicef tweets there are reports of devastation in vanuatu 's capital . storm has made a direct hit on the capital of vanuatu , port vila .
the rock and roll hall of fame announces the presenters for its 2015 induction . paul mccartney will introduce ringo starr ; stevie wonder will induct bill withers . the ceremony will take place in april and will be broadcast on hbo in may .
a monument to england 's football failure is set to go on auction in london . maurizio cattelan 's sculpture chronicles every england defeat between 1874 and 1998 . the black granite artwork is expected to fetch up to $ 900,000 .
jews have been living in iran for more than 2,500 years . 1,500 jews call esfahan home despite tensions between iran and israel . community leader : `` israel and iran are countries , and we consider ourselves iranian jews ''
a civil war ironclad must be moved so the shipping channel can be deepened . wreckage lies a couple miles from savannah 's famous river street . the css georgia never fired a shot in anger during the civil war .
five tourists have had their car keys snatched by vigilantes this year . the confiscations have taken place amid rising concern over tourist driving behavior . in popular westland , 37 % of serious crashes have involved foreign drivers .
levy : israel 's occupation of palestinian territory has gone mostly undiscussed ahead of tuesday 's election . levy : netanyahu , herzog do n't have the courage to end the occupation .
`` scandal '' actress kerry washington to star as anita hill in hbo movie . hill is the former colleague of supreme court justice clarence thomas who accused him of sexual harassment .
3 police officers described an intense gun battle with boston marathon bomb suspects . they said the 2 men shot at them , threw bombs and tried to run them over . jurors see the boat where dzhokhar tsarnaev hid before his arrest .
in video , someone helps three females with luggage in gaziantep , turkey , network reports . turkish network : video was shot february 19 , two days after trio boarded plane to istanbul .
max foster spent time with prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall . camilla declined to be interviewed . foster says couple seem close and connected .
on monday , 47 republican senators sent an open letter to iran . sally kohn : only most extreme example of dishonor and disrespect .
nypd commissioner : chiefs need to embrace need for change . ferguson might look to sanford , florida 's experience when choosing a new chief . that city also had to find ways to heal divisions between community and police .
minnelli won an academy award for her performance in `` cabaret '' she has struggled with addictions to alcohol and painkillers in the past .
campaign to support tunisian tourism takes hold on social media . tourism official : one in five tunisians depends on tourists to make a living . #jesuisbardo and #prayfortunisia are trending .
forum set for friday afternoon to discuss martese johnson arrest . arrest prompted protests after images circulated showing student 's bloodied face .
guardsmen aboard were based in louisiana . four national guard aircrew members and seven marines were aboard the helicopter . crash happened tuesday in foggy conditions , which hampered initial search .
ozgecan aslan allegedly fought off a sexual assault before being killed . her death triggered widespread protests , including one on international women 's day .
the execution of kelly gissendaner was postponed due to concerns over injection drugs . mcbride : in her time on death row , gissendaner has discovered hope through theology .
field of 68 gives small colleges a chance to shine . bryce drew turned tournament fame into lasting pro career . pro scouts look for diamonds in the rough .
group says mayor failed to rein in police during protests after michael brown 's 2014 death . mayor wo n't step down , saying `` there are ways to remove me ''
the bodies of four italian tourists killed in tunis are returned to italy . the uncle and cousin of one of the suspected gunmen say they had no idea he had been radicalized .
lindsey vonn notches the 65th world cup win of her skiing career . american has an eight-point lead in super-g discipline ahead of finals . vonn bounces back after saturday disappointment in downhill . tina maze and anna fenninger are battling for overall world cup crown .
zaur dadayev says he was tortured while he was in custody and , because he was scared , he confessed . two other suspects reported they were tortured . all three tell officials they are innocent .
sens. cornyn and klobuchar : trafficking stealing kids ' childhoods . two bills introduced to combat problem passed judiciary committee , they say .
a.j. pero , the longtime twisted sister drummer , dies at 55 . pero played on `` we 're not gon na take it '' members of the band are `` profoundly saddened ''
marion bartoli asks whether she should make a comeback over twitter . she won wimbledon in 2013 but retired one month later due to injuries . bartoli won eight wta titles during a 13-year professional career .
white house , many republicans disagree over deal terminology , requirements . at some point , congress will weigh in on some aspect of a prospective agreement .
presenter was involved in an encounter with a bbc producer . top gear was due to air this sunday , episode pulled from schedule .
google cfo patrick pichette 's memo announcing his resignation in order to seek work/life balance went viral . peggy drexler : most americans who want to find work/life balance do n't have the luxury to just quit their jobs .
polls predicted a tight race coming down to the wire , with netanyahu in a virtual tie with isaac herzog of the zionist union party . but actual results show netanyahu running away with the election . possible causes : poll methodology , netanyahu 's last-minute turn to the right .
eleven service members died in helicopter crash last week off florida panhandle . seven were marines ; four served with louisiana national guard .
two chinese men have been jailed for selling military intelligence . material includes hundreds of photos of china 's first aircraft carrier , the liaoning . they were jailed for six to eight years .
new zealand police reveal threat to poison infant formula . letters were sent containing contaminated formula and a demand to government . the letters called for government to halt use of 1080 poison in pest control efforts .
pro wrestler hijo del perro aguayo collapses in the ring after being kicked . doctors were unable to revive him ; he died at the age of 35 . `` mexican lucha libre is in mourning , '' wrestling promotion company says .
dolce & gabbana dedicated their fall fashion show to moms . some of the models carried their own babies down the runway .
sigma alpha epsilon is being tossed out by the university of oklahoma . it 's also run afoul of officials at yale , stanford and johns hopkins in recent months .
the trailer surfaced on wednesday . the documentary is winning raves . it premieres on hbo on may 4 .
superman , wonder woman and archie all debuted new looks thursday . three of the most well-known comic book characters of all time look radically different .
two police officers were shot wednesday in ferguson . hank johnson , michael shank : policing style needs rethink .
an isis video claims to show the killing of mohamed said ismail musallam . the militant group claims the 19-year-old israeli arab is an israeli spy . but israel 's defense minister denies the allegation .
photo of melissa benoist as supergirl released . new show about character currently in production for cbs .
iran faces a march 24 deadline to reach a deal with world powers on its nuclear program . u.s. secretary of state john kerry : `` we have to get the right deal ''
around the world , volunteers with 3-d printers are making limbs for children . meet some orlando engineering students changing the world .
university president david boren says he decided to make the hire two months ago . a video of a racist chant by a university fraternity made headlines nationwide this week .
david gergen : iran almost certain to become big issue in 2016 campaign . clinton 's mistakes did not start with creating email protection system , he says .
sally kohn : decades after `` leave it to beaver , '' women still shoulder most of housework , childcare . she says a new public service push aims to engage men in sharing these jobs , encouraging young men to do the same .
larry david 's play opens on broadway , faces some criticism over a hispanic character . jeff yang : an asian american group rightly cancels staging of `` showboat ''
david boren , president of the university of oklahoma , responded to offensive video . eric liu : boren did something rare in public life today -- he acted with moral clarity .
the aclu sued the department of defense in 2003 for photos of detainees in iraq and afghanistan . government has said publication of the photos could endanger american soldiers and civilians overseas .
ben stiller and owen wilson reprised their roles as male models at paris fashion week . they walked in the valentino show as derek zoolander and hansel mcdonald .
top gear jeremy clarkson allegedly lashed out a producer , prompting bbc to cancel broadcast of program . clarkson , like so many celebrities , sees his stock grow with every controversy , says david giles . clarkson is already assured of immortality , says giles , adding that like all celebrities -- the presenter acts as conduit of divinity .
four israeli border police and a cyclist were hit . the suspect was shot and severely wounded .
tuesday is chuck norris ' 75th birthday . the actor and martial arts master is now known as subject of tough-guy one-liners .
ben lujan : americans voted in a gop congress on promise of effective governance that prioritized middle class . he says that was an illusion . on dhs funding , other issues , gop has prioritized catering to its extreme wing and special interests .
university president : penn state considers `` re-evaluation of the fraternity system '' penn state university fraternity suspended over alleged private facebook page . the page allegedly includes photos of nude or partially nude women .
london 's national gallery is the latest museum to ban the selfie stick . even the creator of #museumselfie day supports the ban .
chinese relic experts claim that a mummified monk encased in a statue was stolen . the statue was bought in 1996 at a market in the netherlands . researchers believe the monk practiced `` self-mummification ''
skeleton of richard iii found under english parking lot in august 2012 . remains have been examined and researched , yielding some surprising discoveries . the king -- the last english monarch to die in battle -- will be reburied in leicester .
simpson helped curate the playlist to celebrate the un 's international day of happiness . he will mark the day by performing at the sxsw festival . fans are encouraged to share the songs that make them happy .
an previously unknown group publishes a threat against u.s. troops . a threat has not been confirmed , and the credibility of the group is unknown .
serena williams ' father claimed he was racially abused at indian wells in 2001 . she returned to the event friday night , being met with raucous cheers -- not jeers .
parisa tabriz is the 31-year-old computer whizz paid to hack into google . the self-styled ` security princess ' finds bugs in the software before attackers .
accident happens in santa ynez , california , near where crosby lives . the jogger suffered multiple fractures ; his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .
american being flown from africa to maryland hospital ; to arrive friday . nih has one of only four u.s. hospital biocontainment units .
`` if i did not love america , i would n't have moved here from kenya , '' obama quips . he was attending the annual gridiron club dinner where politicians crack jokes .
cnn aviation analyst says this is not a typical emergency incident , but all possibilities are part of probe . the cause behind the crash of the germanwings plane is unknown . there are early clues , however , that will be key to investigators .
pi day is celebrated march 14 in honor of the famed irrational number . san francisco 's exploratorium and princeton , new jersey , go all out .
jolie says she 'd been planning to have the surgery for some time but test results speeded the process . she urges other women at high risk of developing cancer to explore their options and take control . jolie : `` i know my children will never have to say , ` mom died of ovarian cancer ' ''
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
in 2001 , her father said the family was the subject of racial slurs . neither serena or venus williams has played in the tournament since . serena williams says playing shows the world you can be strong in the face of intolerance .
tom hanks makes surprise appearance in carly rae jepsen video dancing and lip-syncing . hanks is friends with jepsen 's manager , scooter braun . hanks volunteered to be in the video .
link to video asking church members to pledge goes to error page . the preacher wants to buy a new jet , as his current one is more than 30 years old . the jet would be used to help spread the gospel , dollar says .
former nfl star darren sharper pleaded guilty to sexual assault . initially he had pleaded not guilty . he is facing additional charges in other states .
`` these strikes are intended to destroy isil strongholds with precision , '' u.s. general says . coalition is providing help asked for by iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi .
police say case is still being treated as a kidnapping for ransom . father of missing woman tells newspaper she called him from his apartment . abductors seized denise huskins on monday , her boyfriend told authorities .
veterans ' choice act was signed into law in august 2014 . jerry moran : va is denying the access the law was intended to provide .
police call the case a hoax , a `` wild goose chase '' abductors seized denise huskins on monday , her boyfriend told authorities .
more than 1,000 flights into or out of the u.s. are canceled . people in kentucky will have plenty of snowman-building material . boston is close to a season snow record , but it 's iffy this system will provide enough to top the mark .
report : actor jon hamm of `` mad men '' has completed a 30-day stint in rehab for alcohol abuse . amc 's `` mad men '' begins its final eight-episode run on april 5 .
scientists : an epic migration by jupiter led to destruction of `` super-earths '' the planet-shattering journey laid foundations for earth , they say .
a harry potter fan took to social media to say she did n't see dumbledore as gay . author j.k. rowling 's quick response won the day on twitter .
church elder says lds church is at forefront of preventing child abuse . cnn investigated abuse allegations detailed in at least five lawsuits . church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is largest sponsor of boy scout troops in u.s.
`` that video does not represent his core personality , '' a friend of parker rice says . levi pettit , the second student expelled , mainly focused on college football on social media .
meet rohana rozhan , boss of multi-billion dollar astro malaysia . says secret to success is reflecting audience within workforce .
presenter was involved in an encounter with a bbc producer . ` top gear ' was due to air this sunday , episode pulled from schedule .
top gear 's jeremy clarkson is determinedly anti-pc ; courts controversy . broadcaster has caused offense for racist remarks in the past . friends with uk pm david cameron and former news head rebekah brooks .
official : vladimir putin has put russia 's northern fleet on alert to check its capacity . putin makes light of his absence , saying , `` it would be boring without gossip '' the russian president meets with president of kyrgyzstan in st. petersburg , russia .
the death toll of 11 is expected to rise , a u.n. agency says . vanuatu 's president tells cnn the cyclone has set his nation back by years . aid agencies say they fear severe destruction in communities on outlying islands .
new book , `` becoming steve jobs , '' offers a gentler vision of the mercurial ceo . apple execs have praised the new book over walter isaacson 's 2011 bestseller . among new book 's tidbits : when jobs was dying , tim cook offered piece of his liver .
a uk boy , 11 , dressed as `` fifty shades '' character christian grey for world book day . liam scholes ' school said that the costume was inappropriate and insisted it be modified . scholes ' mother told british media the costume was meant to be light-hearted .
researchers say marking on eagle talons prove neanderthals made jewelry . eagle bones used in study more than 130,000 years old . scientist : `` it really shows a level of technical sophistication ''
`` it looks like there 's been a little war zone around here '' national weather service : there are preliminary reports of 7 tornadoes . `` it looks like there 's been a little war zone around here , '' oklahoma resident says .
bodies of boy and girl found in detroit freezer . bailiff performing an eviction makes the initial discovery . mom arrested on child abuse charges , pending results from medical examiner .
a driver was caught in the hov lane with a cutout of `` most interesting man '' he earned a ticket -- and a tweet admiring his tenacity .
senators rubio , cotton : as threats have grown , u.s. defense budget has faced cuts . they say spending to strengthen u.s. forces is a necessity .
two cousins from illinois charged with conspiring to support isis . army national guard spc. hasan edmonds , 22 , was arrested at chicago midway international airport . his cousin , jonas edmonds , 29 , was arrested at his home in aurora .
the plane reached 38,000 feet , and then dropped for eight minutes , germanwings says . victims from germany , france , spain , turkey , belgium , holland , colombia , australia . one data recorder found from germanwings plane that crashed in alps .
richard iii 's remains were found beneath a car park in leicester in 2012 . long-lost king 's skeleton is to be reinterred in the city 's cathedral later this week . bones will be buried in a coffin made by richard iii 's descendant , michael ibsen .
cnn received hundreds of questions about the germanwings plane crash . reporters and experts responded with answers to the most interesting ones .
yemen 's president rallies support on saturday in egypt . arab league blessing of military action may set the stage for a ground invasion .
nigeria 's military says it has retaken the northeastern town of gwoza from boko haram . the announcement comes on the eve of the west african nation 's general elections . boko haram declared gwoza the headquarters of its `` caliphate '' last august .
van jones : america locks up far too many of its citizens , and there 's a bipartisan effort to change that . he says president obama , the koch brothers , newt gingrich , cory booker and others agree on it .
glendale authorities release dash cam video of the encounter . it contradicts her son 's claims .
horseback safaris offer a different way to experience the african bush . south african company wait a little organize tours into game reserves . husband and wife team train horses to cope with demands of facing game animals . horses , including thoroughbreds , keep calm even when stalked by lions .
zayn malik says that being in one direction was `` not the real me '' he told the uk 's sun that he feels `` like i 'm doing what 's right '' the band announced wednesday that malik was leaving .
police : no evidence found to support claims made by uva student that she was raped . an independent review by a journalism school dean is underway .
malik had left the band 's tour last week , citing `` stress '' one direction is one of the most popular bands in the world .
knox and sollecito were tried together and convicted of murder , but now cleared . family of victim meredith kercher `` expected more from the italian judicial system '' knox 's lawyer says knox does n't feel any revenge or resentment towards italy .
gareth bale scores twice as wales beat israel 3-0 in euro 2016 qualification . he 'd been criticized by real madrid for putting country before club . more shocks as bulgaria hold italy .
frida ghitis : it 's unclear where president vladimir putin is at the moment . ghitis : speculation about his whereabouts went viral as russian officials posted old photos .
thousands march in a protest against terrorism in tunisia 's capital . demonstrators hold signs that say `` we are not afraid '' and `` je suis bardo '' tunisia 's prime minister says a suspect in the bardo museum attack was killed in a raid .
incumbent president goodluck jonathan and retired general muhammedu buhari faced off in election . it could be the closest elections since a return to democracy in 1999 after decades of military rule . there are fears that results may not be accepted by the losers .
next james bond film , `` spectre , '' is scheduled for release november 6 . new trailer hints at secret from bond 's past that sets him on mission to uncover sinister group .
germanwings flight 9525 had a slight delay before taking off from barcelona , spain . after leveling off at 38,000 feet , the plane descended steadily before hitting the alps . screams were heard in plane 's cabin in minutes before crash , according to audio recording .
show will star `` sons of anarchy 's '' kim dickens and cliff curtis of `` gang related ''
pop star kylie minogue will sing at the 20th dubai world cup horse racing event . `` the world 's richest day of horse racing '' will see prize money worth approximately $ 30m up for grabs . minogue will be performing a 90 minute show to conclude the internationally renowned event .
seven young people were wounded in a late-night shooting in panama city beach , florida . the large number of spring breakers made the investigation difficult . `` it 's time to stop the bloodshed , '' a city council member says .
kentucky destroys west virginia . notre dame 's offense gets hot in the second half , led by demetrius jackson . wisconsin holds off acc 's north carolina with superb free-throw shooting .
harry reid wants chuck schumer to succeed him as senate minority leader . errol louis : but some on left want to block schumer 's rise to leadership post . louis says schumer is tuned into middle-class voters , could create new democratic era .
experts suspect first officer andreas lubitz locked pilot out of the cockpit of plane . peter garrison : pilots do n't exist on different moral plane than the rest of us , and the human mind is the blackest of boxes .
16 high school students and 5 chaperones from montoursville , pa. , were aboard twa flight 800 in 1996 . haltern am see , germany , lost 16 students and 2 teachers in germanwings flight 9525 . jerry upling : communities can find healing by reaching out to others , but the journey is a long one .
attackers were unable to use their explosives , tunisia president tells broadcaster . isis statement : attackers used weapons to target `` crusaders and apostates '' tunisian authorities arrest 9 in connection with the bardo museum attack .
`` top gear 's '' jeremy clarkson tweets his thanks to those supporting him . a petition with nearly 1 million signatures calling for clarkson 's reinstatement delivered to bbc .
lewis hamilton will start the malaysian gp in pole position . beat ferrari 's vettel into second place in torrential rain . max verstappen , 17 , will start sixth .
commuter train and car collide near the usc campus . 21 people hurt ; 10 are taken to the hospital .
beauton gilbow says she was singing along to a song but understands how the video must appear . 2 african-american alumni of the chapter say `` mom b '' is not a racist . `` i am heartbroken by the portrayal that i am in some way racist , '' house mom gilbow says .
the u.n. security council backs yemen 's embattled president . u.n. envoy says yemen is in a `` rapid downward spiral , '' urges dialogue . houthi rebels have taken over the taiz airport and set up checkpoints nearby .
`` the light that has guided us all these years has been extinguished , '' lee 's son says . crowds line the streets fo the city-state to pay final respects to lee , who died monday .
manchester united thrashes tottenham hotspur 3-0 . wayne rooney celebrates his goal by pretending to be knocked out . chelsea held 1-1 at home but extends epl lead at top to six points . gareth bale scores twice as real madrid keeps pace in la liga .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
staffers at the south carolina aquarium are treating a rare , 475-pound leatherback sea turtle . the turtle washed up saturday on a nearby beach and may be returned to the ocean soon .
cnn attends federal raid , finds school abandoned , resembling movie set . three defendants collected as much as $ 6 million in annual tuition from about 1,500 students . students largely came from south korea and china , feds say .
zelizer : the former secretary of state has decades of experience in managing controversy . he says clinton and her husband know how to turn controversy into a tool to energize democrats .
new pwc report has sought out the best cities for investors in africa . north african capitals dominate , but there are signs that sub-saharan cities will come into their own in the near future .
one key sticking point : what would be the limits on iranian nuclear research ? another sticking point : when would u.n. sanctions be lifted ? israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu warns the deal would be a disaster .
a push to retake tikrit stalled as isis repositioned its forces around the city . spokesman : iraq 's leader requested help because coalition has `` advanced '' capabilities . leaders of predominantly shiite militia fighting in area had resisted such intervention .
duchess of cambridge makes last official appearance , due to give birth next month . kate and prince william have a son , george .
marvin gaye 's family sued over similarities between ` blurred lines ' and ` got to give it up ' a jury has awarded the family $ 7.4 million in the suit . the gaye family was seeking more than $ 25 million . the decision was reached after eight days of trial testimony .
sam taylor-johnson bows out of the `` fifty shades '' sequel . author e l james wanted more control over the second pic . the first film has made $ 550 million worldwide .
trevor noah made his first appearance on the hit show in december . stewart approves of the south african comedian as his replacement .
men gather around newspaper vendors to read headlines , debate issues of the day . called free readers associations because no-one actually buys the papers they read . debates loud and furious as nigerians go to the polls to choose a new president .
eric zillmer : it 's hard to predict or prevent tragedies like the germanwings crash . he says german airlines should consider more rigorous psychological screening and testing for pilots .
one in five chinese kids are `` left behind '' their parents are migrant workers who leave rural areas for the cities . they struggle at school , have higher rates of mental health issues , .
a growing number of chinese are rediscovering the country 's buddhist traditions . it 's not always easy to combine buddhist beliefs with the demands of modern life . buddhism has a long history in china but was repressed during the maoist era .
supreme court rules section 66a of the 2008 information technology act was `` unconstitutional '' offenders previously faced up to three years in jail for posting `` grossly offensive '' material . court said this wording was vague and was misused by police .
afghan president ashraf ghani is visiting the united states . rebecca zimmerman : u.s. does n't need more boots on ground .
british fm : `` the time has come now for iran ... to make some very tough decisions '' u.s. secretary of state says substantial progress has been made but important gaps remain . iranian president says getting a general deal is easy , but ironing out the details may be hard .
four-time masters winner suffered dislocated shoulder in december . he has struck ceremonial opening tee shot at masters since 2007 . doctors wo n't allow him to swing a golf club yet . he vows to be `` out on that tee even if i fan it ''
new zealand edge a thriller against south african to reach cricket world cup final . grant elliott hits a six in the final over to seal kiwi victory in front of auckland crowd . south africa had posted a total of 281 in a rain affected match . new zealand will face either australia or india in the final on march 29 .
dan arbell : israel 's leaders can criticize a potential deal with iran on its nuclear program . he says a military option could set back iran 's nuclear program but would be too costly politically and diplomatically .
saudi airstrikes kill 40 at refugee camp , yemen 's defense ministry says . egyptian warships shell road leading to key port city , said official with yemen 's southern movement . yemen 's foreign minister says he expects coalition ground troops to arrive within days .
lawyer for assange says they view the request positively but will have to discuss response . swedish prosecutors will ask julian assange 's lawyers if they can question him in london . he is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims in sweden ; he denies the allegations .
world no. 7 tennis player eugenie bouchard partners up with pop star justin bieber in game of doubles . bouchard has previously said she would like to date the hollywood starlet . former world no. 1 caroline wozniacki also got a snap with `` the bieb ''
kenya is one of the biggest flower exporters in the world . around one in three flowers sold in europe come from the country .
the injured include 42 egyptian soldiers . the egyptian army has been battling an islamist insurgency in north sinai .
the african union 's somalia representative condemns the attack , says it targeted troops . al-shabaab says its militants attacked the state palace in the city of baidoa . police say initial reports indicate nine people are dead , including four attackers .
researchers say a medieval remedy made of garlic , onion , wine , bile may be able to defeat mrsa superbug . ancient recipe was found in 10th-century medical book at the british library .
there are more tigers in cages in texas than in the wild in india , a conservation group says . tiger-human conflict is a major problem affecting the big cats .
dwayne johnson hosted `` snl '' and appeared at wrestlemania . on `` snl , '' he played a gun-toting bambi and a bulked-up obama .
michael douglas ' son was insulted at a pool because of his judaism . douglas warns that anti-semitism is on the rise . the award-winning actor wants more action to `` confront anti-semitism ''
tim holbrook : indiana 's law allows discrimination against the lgbt community . he says the state governor and others are using religion act as an excuse .
approximately 150 homeless people invited to tour vatican city . the visit , organized by office of papal charities , includes stops to museums , sistine chapel .
letters from prince charles to officials must be released after a supreme court judgment . britain 's guardian newspaper fought for 10 years to have the documents made public . clarence house and prime minister david cameron call the decision disappointing .
lewis hamilton wins opening race of 2015 f1 season in australia . mercedes 1-2 with nico rosberg in second place . world champion hamilton had started from pole position . sebastian vettel claims final podium place for ferrari .
jordan spieth only the fourth player since 1940 to seal two pga tour wins under age of 22 . golfing 's newest star sets his sights on usurping rory mcilroy as the world 's no. 1 . confidence is high going into the masters , in which he finished second a year ago .
a new sculpture for trafalgar square 's fourth plinth unveiled thursday . ` gift horse ' by german-born artist hans haacke will sit on plinth for 18 months . haacke 's is the 10th artwork to be displayed on the plinth .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
maria shriver 's father was stricken by alzheimer 's , a growing scourge in u.s. women are disproportionately affected as sufferers and caregivers , she says . wipe out alzheimer 's challenge is launching to fill in for lagging government funding , she says .
sources tell cnn that french foreign minister has told iranians he is leaving early wednesday morning . netanyahu : `` agreement ... in lausanne is paving '' way for iran nuclear weapons . iran , world powers talking to set up parameters for framework deal on iran 's nuclear program .
social media supporters of indiana 's `` religious freedom '' bill say it protects their right to hold their own beliefs . opponents of the bill say its `` freedom '' is a cover for bigotry against gays and lesbians . some indiana businesses tweet that they will continue to serve all customers , regardless of orientation . some users take to social media in attempt to organize boycott of indiana .
the white house says it would `` reassess '' the relationship between the united states and israel . that comes after netanyahu made campaign statements against a palestinian state . netanyahu rolled back the comments after his election victory .
adam west and burt ward say they will reprise their batman and robin roles in an animated movie . movie is due out in 2016 for the 1966 tv series ' 50th anniversary .
vote-counting postponed until tuesday morning , election leader says in tweet . partial vote count shows opposition candidate leading in nigeria , reuters reports . incumbent president goodluck jonathan and retired gen. muhammadu buhari faced off in election .
two men accused of committing crimes of `` terrorism '' and bringing in forged currency . south korea 's national intelligence service denies claim .
metropolitan police say they 're investigating `` an allegation of threats to kill '' alleged threats received after dismissal of popular `` top gear '' host jeremy clarkson .
jennifer karren , 35 , of calgary , alberta , falls overboard and later dies , authorities say . two other tourists are injured on the small inflatable boat .
nico rosberg fastest ahead of team lewis hamilton in australia gp practice . mercedes duo dominated last season winning all but three of 19 races . giedo van der garde does n't race for sauber despite court ruling . sebatian vettel makes good start for new team ferrari finishing second practice in third .
video shows a young mohammed emwazi in a west london schoolyard . he covers his face at times , skips and playfully jostles with students at others . u.s. authorities say emwazi grew up to be the isis terrorist known as jihadi john .
russian military aircraft are intercepted by nato jets . nato says the military aircraft were n't on a flight plan . russia is conducting military exercises .
the ig nobel prizes will celebrate their 25th anniversary in september this year . previous winners of the satirical awards have gone on to win an actual nobel prize .
the album will feature a 12-minute acoustic cobain unheard track . the doc is already winning rave reviews . filmmaker wants to release one of the cobain 's personal cassettes .
her husband is in icc custody over similar charges . ivory coast refused to transfer simone gbagbo to icc .
robert klitzman : physicians should consider reporting pilots who have medical problems such as depression . yet stigma can make pilots fear job loss and thus hide diagnoses and not seek treatment . the faa could require that pilots seek treatment in order to fly , but some pilots may still simply cover up problems .
murder of 27-year-old woman by mob in afghanistan set social media ablaze with calls for justice . lemmon : outrage , afghan president 's call for probe signal a changing nation years after taliban rule .
rory mcilroy re-united with the 3-iron he threw into lake at doral . presented with the club by owner donald trump . repeats mistake with same club on final hole of wgc-cadillac championship . dustin johnson wins tournament after six-month absence from pga tour .
windell d. middlebrooks was best known for playing the miller high life delivery man . he also had recurring roles on `` body of proof , '' `` scrubs , '' `` it 's always sunny in philadelphia ''
producer naughty boy tweeted a demo song . malik recently left the group . fans are not happy .
darius mccrary played eddie winslow on ` family matters ' he was jailed for failure to pay child support .
marvin gaye 's children wrote an open letter about the `` blurred lines '' lawsuit . the family recently won its copyright infringement claim against robin thicke and pharrell williams . nona , frankie and marvin iii say their father would have embraced new technology but safeguarded his creations .
the nfl player has published numerous papers in major math journals . he keeps playing football despite the risk of potential brain injury . `` i play because i love the game . i love hitting people , '' he says .
thomas jackson has staged everyday objects to look like swarms in nature . among the items used : solo cups , post-it notes , cheese balls and plastic plates .
swedish researchers have used scanning to examine a ring found in a viking grave . the ring carries an arabic inscription thought to be `` for/to -lrb- the approval of -rrb- allah , they say . their analysis suggests the ring was little worn , meaning trade ties could have been close .
scientists say they 've found the burial place of the influential author . miguel de cervantes died in 1616 .
yemen 's deposed president lashes out at houthi rebels in a speech . sources : u.s. special operations forces are being evacuated from al anad airbase . the u.s. military had worked with yemen 's government to go after terrorists there .
an official says the u.s. military lost contact with a drone over syria . syria 's military claims it shot down a u.s. drone north of latakia province .
the shallow mass grave is under a bridge near the town of damasak . more than 90 decomposed bodies . troops retook the town from boko haram .
prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall , preparing for u.s. trip . charles praises camilla for how she has defined her public role . the two are coming up on their 10-year wedding anniversary .
john stamos took a photo next to tourists looking at the `` full house '' home . the san francisco house is a popular tourist attraction .
situation is `` worse than the worst-case scenario , '' oxfam says . homes , hospital , schools and churches all damaged , aid group reports . aid officials and supplies start to arrive in vanuatu 's capital from australia .
a particularly strong solar storm created a stunning light display . stronger storms can be seen farther south , cnn meteorologist says . some in northern u.s. may see lights again tonight .
british actress emma watson held a facebook chat to mark international women 's day . the heforshe campaigner calls for men to support women in their bid for equality .
aircraft carrier uss ranger 's final journey likely will take four to five months , navy says . ranger , which was launched in 1956 , appeared in movies such as `` top gun '' and `` star trek iv ''
france 's accident investigation agency , bea , `` dismayed '' by the voice recording leak . german newspaper bild releases a timeline of the flight 's final moments . andreas lubitz suffered from `` generalized anxiety disorder , '' and from severe depression in the past , le parisien newspaper reports .
the rumors are true : `` x-files '' is returning . david duchovny , gillian anderson and producer chris carter are all back . carter : `` the world has only gotten that much stranger '' since the show went off the air in 2002 .
originally set up as an interview to tell the world his side of the story , nick gordon 's time with dr. phil turned into an intervention . an unfocused gordon pleaded to see bobbi kristina brown before finally agreeing to attend rehab .
u.s. district judge terrence berg was shot in front of his home , cnn affiliate reports . detroit police say there was a struggle after two men approached him , report says . affiliate says he has non-life-threatening injuries after a shot struck him in the leg .
hillary clinton fights to put furor over a private email server behind her . early signs suggest clinton is doing what the clintons do best : mounting a comeback .
more than 13 million americans have ptsd . genes account for about 30 % of risk . immune system plays a role in risk and resilience .
juliette kayyem : now we know co-pilot brought down germanwings plane ; this shows need for structural changes to post 9-11 security . she says airlines must devise new ways to allow secure access to cockpits ; better evaluate mindset of pilots ; rethink what is `` terror ''
airports are stepping up employee screening . still , there 's never a 100 % guarantee of safety , airport official says . cnn investigation found only two major u.s. airports conduct full employee screenings .
arsenal out of the champions league despite 2-0 win at monaco . premier league club exits on away goals . olivier giroud and aaron ramsey on target for visiting team . monaco won first leg 3-1 in london .
a photo of children playing on vietnam women 's memorial draws anger . many say the kids and their parents were showing disrespect to veterans .
iran negotiations have large diplomatic and political implications . outcome could affect next president .
sarah posner : televangelist creflo dollar asking congregants to help finance a $ 65 million gulfstream g650 . she says government should oversee tax-exempt churches that essentially operate as for-profit enterprises . posner : senate committee took up this issue but dropped it ; this seems to have emboldened dollar .
the disagreement started in late february . north korea demanded a pay increase ; south korea 's working on a response .
administration files a brief before supreme court hears cases . brief says bans on same-sex marriage violate the constitution . those in favor or bans will file their arguments later this month .
response mostly negative after starbucks launches initiative to talk about race relations . dean obeidallah : starbucks might not be best place , but how do we start a talk about race ?
scientists studied water in mars ' atmosphere with three giant infrared telescopes . they compared the ratio of certain molecules on the planet with that of a mars meteorite that landed on earth .
scott kelly aims to set a record for longest stay on the international space station . russian cosmonaut gennady padalka will add to his all-time human spaceflight record .
noah is the son of a black south african woman and a white swiss man . he 's very popular in south africa . noah 's act often focuses on race and ethnicity .
mercury was `` painted black '' by millions of years of micrometeorites , researchers say . the research could solve the puzzle of why the planet appears so dark .
tataouine , near `` star wars '' set , lies just 60 miles from the libyan border . tunisian officials worry about the area because of its proximity to libya , and isis .
cnn 's kelly wallace wonders why women too often do n't lift each up in the workplace . author of `` the woman code '' says women need to start operating like the boys . women need to realize they win when they help other women get ahead , says author .
the documentary `` dawg fight '' shows men fighting in a miami suburb for money . lz granderson : it 's the only chance for some ever to reach the american dream .
putin attends concert in red square to celebrate anniversary of crimean annexation . nato reports russian military aircraft over the baltic sea .
presbyterian church -lrb- usa -rrb- will define marriage as a `` commitment between two people '' the marriage amendment will take effect june 21 .
olympic 100m gold medal winner sally pearson says ioc should think about paying athletes . pearson won gold at the london 2012 olympics .
the withdrawal comes after last month 's peace deal . a shaky ceasefire has been in place in donetsk and neighboring luhansk .
novak djokovic answers late call to help serbia to davis cup victory over croatia . france through to last 16 but great britain made to wait . reigning champions switzerland on brink after doubles loss against belgium .
metropolitan police announce a media campaign to deter young people from traveling to syria . the birmingham man , 18 , was detained at his home in a preplanned operation , they say . police said there was `` no immediate threat to public safety ''
friedman : companies should encourage their employees to bond over ncaa tournament games . research shows the value of cultivating friendships among co-workers .
epa has proposed stricter ozone standards . authors : new anti-pollution rules would bring ozone level standards in line with what science tells us .
long-term study finds that iq at age 30 was nearly 4 points higher for babies breastfed for a year or more . study conducted in brazil also associates longer breastfeeding with higher income and education levels . critic points out that the study does n't account for other possible contributing factors .
roberto mancini says manchester city still the best team in the premier league . italian says city should win a title every year . manuel pellegrini under growing pressure at club . city faces barcelona in champions league on wednesday .
political survival has been maxim of netanyahu 's domestic and foreign policies , says andreas krieg . krieg : netanyahu 's foreign policy vis--vis the peace process has been disaster . new term for netanyahu will not be in national interest of israel , it will serve palestinian interests , krieg adds .
jon marks : ultra-radical fringe has previously threatened tunisia 's liberal majority . majority of tunisians likely to support robust response from president , he writes . attacks a reminder that tunisia 's transition to democracy is `` brittle , '' marks says .
taliban gunmen attacked a school in peshawar , pakistan killing more than 140 people . popular singer ali zafar says the massacre took violence in pakistan to a new level and affected him deeply . zafar says he has expressed himself through music and is trying to raise money for schools .
chris evans , chris pratt visit young patients at seattle children 's hospital . the pair visited children 's hospital in boston in february in super bowl bet .
indiana 's religious freedom law will not directly affect many people , but conversation around it , will have lasting effects , writes held evans . the casualties of the culture wars tend to be the very people jesus went out of his way to serve , says evans .
ford vox : with its budget proposal to kill obamacare , or hopes the supreme court will do the same , the gop makes a mistake . he says 16.4 million americans benefiting . smart republicans know this ; should instead tease out problematic parts of aca to revise .
numerous aid workers remain in syria despite dangers . with a lack of government , more than 8 million refugees rely on aid agencies for food , shelter and medical care . many aid agencies have no means of armed defense against attack .
author terry pratchett has died age 66 , his website says . `` in over 70 books , terry enriched the planet like few before him , '' says publisher .
isis bulldozed site of ancient assyrian city of nimrud in northern iraq . irina bokova : appalling to see the ravages of this violent extremism .
john shaw : `` my office has never instructed the police department to target african americans '' a department of justice report blames ferguson police and courts for abusive behavior . ferguson resident : many people owe former officer darren wilson an apology .
legendary club of cannavaro and buffon faces bankruptcy court march 19 . parma has changed hands twice in past year , administration likely . players have not been paid all season .
baseball 's billy beane to join top-tier dutch club as executive . smaller clubs seeking advantage over big - pending giants .
swede and morgan hoffman subjected to time constraints from 15th hole . he said decision `` got to me , and obviously i was rushing . '' stenson blamed three-putting 15th and 16th for failing to win . he claimed decision had effect of ` influencing , potentially , the outcome of this tournament '
kiss ' gene simmons is teaming with wwe studios to launch erebus pictures . first film will be `` temple , '' about operatives trapped inside an isolated military compound .
`` there has been an unusually high number of sea lions stranded since january , '' noaa representative says . the speculation is mothers are having difficulty finding food , leaving pups alone too long or malnourished .
spirit airlines is offering suggestive $ 69 fares . the airline announced them with a pitch that may remind us of high school jokes . the cheeky airline is known for charging for almost all extras .
serena williams is no longer working with hitting partner sascha bajin . bajin , who worked with williams for eight years , is now with victoria azarenka . bajin skipped this year 's australian open as williams won major no. 19 . azarenka 's coach , wim fissette , is thrilled to have bajin in her team .
mary willingham accused unc of holding fake classes that helped athletes stay in school . the university denied the charge for years , but independent investigation confirmed it .
film on china 's air pollution problem drew praise from environment minister when it came out . a week later , after getting millions of clicks , `` under the dome '' disappeared from all major websites in china .
chinese premier says economy faces multiple risks . reform is like ` cutting off a limb , ' he adds . highly choreographed press conference only time leader faces media .
aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of odin lloyd . patriots ' owner testifies that hernandez was always respectful with him .
`` so all these safety nets ... have not worked in this case , '' lufthansa ceo tells cnn . there 's clear indication co-pilot `` did n't want the captain to return , '' carsten spohr says .
u.s. sen. ted cruz visits new hampshire , hits the white house on economy and obamacare . a little girl in the crowd thinks the rhetorically speaking senator is warning of a literal global conflagration . meanwhile , a goat that once bit jon huntsman does n't get the same chance with the texas senator .
cnn 's john sutter talks with a sociologist about race in the fraternity system . this follows controversy over racism in a university of oklahoma fraternity .
`` the walking dead '' has a 90-minute season finale on sunday . co-star sonequa martin-green says it 's the most jam-packed finale yet . the fox comedy `` weird loners '' premieres .
french lawmakers are considering measures setting limits for how thin models can be . `` we want to combat the idea that an agency could urge a model to stop eating , '' lawmaker says . spain , italy and israel have passed similar measures .
a former korean air executive is named in lawsuit after interrupting a flight over how nuts were served . heather cho is accused of `` verbally and physically '' attacking flight attendant do hee kim . korean air is also named in the lawsuit .
frida ghitis : desertion charges against bowe bergdahl revive questions : was swap deal for him correct ? what has his odyssey cost ? she says swap may have sent dangerous message to america 's enemies , cost american lives . still , retrieving u.s. soldier was right call .
meerkat launched february 27 but has caught on quickly .
avery wallace says he knew he was a boy from age 2 . `` i knew being gay was n't a bad thing , but i also knew it did n't describe me , '' avery says . people mock what they do n't understand , he says .
the left-wing revolutionary people 's liberation party-front claims responsibility . prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz dies after a hostage siege in istanbul . prosecutor was assigned to the case of a teen who was injured in anti-government protests .
russian president honors more than 30 people , including chechen president ramzan kadyrov . also honored : andrei lugovoi , charged by the uk with london murder of former russian security agent . russian ambassador to the u.s. is cited as `` honored employee of a diplomatic service ''
rep. van hollen : alan gross became `` a catalyst '' for next chapter in u.s.-cuba relations . gross has been a guest of the obamas , got to meet pope francis since release from cuba . he 's also been to the dentist , watched a d.c. snowfall and indulged in some good food .
remains of richard iii were sensationally rediscovered 530 years after death . actor benedict cumberbatch , a distant cousin of king , reads poem at celebratory service . historian phillippa langley said discovery had prompted researchers to rethink the king .
german town of haltern in mourning after loss of 16 students and two teachers in plane crash . group was returning from school exchange trip to spain when aircraft went down in french alps . headteacher says school is in mourning , classmates struggling to understand what happened .
tennis legend roger federer exchanges hairstyle tips with andy murray . the men discuss curls , smoothness and `` being worth it '' over twitter . the sport is no stranger to funky hairstyles over the years .
antibiotic resistance is a pressing public health issue , cdc says . plan would nearly double the amount of federal monies allocated to the fight . patient use of unnecessary antibiotics will be curtailed .
a shuttle from `` 2001 : a space odyssey '' was purchased by the motion picture academy . it will be put on display to the public for the first time . the 1968 classic is considered one of the most influential science-fiction movies ever .
russia 's land , sea and air drill will involve 38,000 troops , 41 ships and 110 aircraft . kremlin calls drill routine , but diplomat says russia is `` very concerned '' by nato drills . operation atlantic resolve billed as response to russian actions in ukraine , crimea .
many experts believe the plane went down in the south indian ocean . the most controversial theory : russians hijacked the plane to kazakhstan . electrical failure is another theory .
`` impunity wo n't bring peace , only justice will , '' chief palestinian negotiator says . creating palestinian state is `` simply giving a base for attacks to the radical islam , '' pm says . benjamin netanyahu 's words come as he courts conservative voters a day before elections .
katarzyna mazur spent months photographing a female fight club in berlin . `` i enjoy exploring new worlds , especially a world which exists in a gray area , '' mazur said .
photographer leonard pongo documented daily life in the democratic republic of the congo . the african country has struggled over the years with civil war and election violence .
richard glatzer , who co-directed `` still alice , '' has died . he had been battling als for four years .
taipei is attracting more international film crews . martin scorsese is shooting his latest movie in the city . taiwan often acts as a stand in for china and japan .
cnn international presented cnn journalist award for excellent international coverage to up-and-coming journalists . awards were inspirational testament to the power of good journalism .
court summons former indian prime minister manmohan singh . due to appear on april 8 ; case relates to the licensing of a coal block to a private firm 10 years ago .
akhil amar : when a leader is irrational or incapacitated , we need an override mechanism . amar : airlines could learn from system used in u.s. constitution to replace disabled president .
as a black man , gene seymour thrilled trevor noah tapped for `` daily show . '' but in service of fair play he asks : why not a woman for the job ? jessica williams , samantha bee would have been good candidates . when will women finally get their shot at late night ?
nbc following up `` sound of music '' and `` peter pan '' with `` the wiz '' in december . after airing on live tv , the musical will return to broadway . `` the wiz '' is a retelling of `` the wizard of oz '' in a multicultural context .
mike porcaro was diagnosed with lou gehrig 's disease , als , in 2006 . members of toto rallied to help him . als affects nerve cells of brain and spinal cord .
tina fey 's series `` the unbreakable kimmy schmidt '' has staunch critics and defenders . some accuse `` schmidt '' of dealing in offensive jokes and stereotypes . actor tituss burgess says the controversy is `` ridiculous ''
opposition leader boris nemtsov was shot dead while walking near kremlin with girlfriend . vladimir putin : russia should be safe from `` disgrace and tragedies '' like nemtsov 's killing . russian president criticizes `` extremists '' for use of `` illegal street protests '' and social media .
anne frank was extremely close to her first cousin buddy elias . a discovery in elias ' attic led to the a book revealing new details about anne 's famiy . elias became the preserver of anne 's legacy after her father , otto frank , died in 1980 .
after her girls act up at a movie theater , a mom takes to facebook to apologize . she looks for the mom who confronted their rude behavior , and they become facebook friends .
brutus ' legs were amputated because of frostbite . he 's learning to walk on the prosthetics with help from his foster mom .
ryan reynolds debuts first look at his deadpool costume . not to be outdone , hugh jackman announced he is retiring the wolverine character .
a republican senator is drafting legislation to allow congress to vote on negotiations with iran . the white house sent a letter saying it would further threaten talks over tehran 's nuclear program .
a second militant group claims responsibility for the killing . samiullah afridi had represented dr. shakeel afridi , who was convicted of treason .
fort lauderdale officers exchanged racially offensive text messages . three officers were fired , a fourth resigned . police chief : `` there was no criminal behavior detected ''
venice , italy , has slowly been sinking . the city is testing a new system that would combat the rising tides . cnn host bill weir travels to the italian city for an episode of `` the wonder list ''
south african swimmer stunned michael phelps at 2012 london olympics . after defeating his childhood idol , le clos has dominated 100m and 200m butterfly . his father bert is also famous for joyful celebrations following son 's win in london . the 22-year-old is hoping to square up to phelps again at rio in 2016 .
mario balotelli asks `` do you know me ? did you ever talk to me personally ? '' balotelli has scored four goals in 24 appearances at liverpool .
four years of war means four years without schools and education in syria . hiba was nearly done with university when she was forced to flee her home near damascus . to help hiba and the many other displaced syrian students , go to care .
ahmed al-jumaili , who 'd come from iraq weeks earlier , was shot while outside watching snow . police : suspected shooter went out angry thinking someone shot his girlfriend 's apartment . there 's no indication al-jumaili had anything to do with that or knew the suspected shooter .
kate mckinnon hit another `` snl '' impression out of the park as hillary clinton . her `` clinton '' discussed the controversy over a private email account .
we want to know who you want to see featured on passion to portfolio . it can be anyone who successfully turned their passion or hobby into a career . let us know by leaving a comment below the story .
pieter ten hoopen took portraits of refugees at the mayo camp in khartoum , sudan . he set up a makeshift studio near a hospital , and it quickly became a sensation .
photographer trupal pandya took portraits of the huaorani people in ecuador 's rainforest . the community is beginning to modernize , but it still maintains its traditional ways of living .
china wants 1,000 male junior high school students for pilot training . the country seeks to strengthen its navy and air force .
goldstone : u.s. policy of drone-bombing al qaeda terrorists ignores need to build social stability . he says country now in chaos , virtually ungoverned and vulnerable to jihadist elements .
port authority chief : runway was just plowed , other pilots reported `` good braking action '' the ntsb is sending people to new york 's laguardia airport to investigate .
`` blurred lines '' ripped off a marvin gaye '70s classic , jury finds . sam smith , beach boys and `` ghostbusters '' tune have all been hit by accusations . george harrison lost a copyright suit and responded with a song about it .
martha pease : hillary clinton struggled last week to put the email story behind her . pease : consumers are increasingly valuing brands perceived as authentic . does the clinton brand qualify ?
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
ethiopia is building the largest hydro-electric dam in africa . the country says the $ 5bn grand renaissance dam is funded entirely by the government and its people . neighboring sudan and egypt fear that the dam will affect their water supply .
aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of odin lloyd . hernandez 's fiancee testifies that he asked her to discard a box after she had learned lloyd was killed . no weapon has been found in lloyd 's slaying .
starbucks quickly shut down its program of asking baristas to talk to the public about race . soledad o'brien : forget the storm of tweets criticizing the coffee company ; we need a vigorous conversation on race .
after the buzz from ` cinderella ' and ` maleficent , ' disney is planning a live-action take on ` mulan . ' mulan is a female warrior and star of the 1998 animated film . live action remakes of ` beauty and the beast ' and ` dumbo ' are already in the works .
american steve mueller started a tour company in ho chi minh city offering tours on vespa . mueller says it 's the best way to see the city and beyond , riding side by side with locals . scooters are driven by experienced local drivers with tour guide and mechanic accompanying each tour .
americans like to complain about the political gridlock in congress where nothing much gets done . christopher karpowitz and chad raphael : public forums can be used to successfully tackle big issues .
william bruce james ii was in oklahoma 's sigma alpha epsilon chapter from 2001 to 2005 . he 's disgusted by the racist chant tied to the frat ; `` the whole house needs to be punished '' while those involved are `` not my brothers , '' james calls his former frat brothers `` family ''
feld entertainment plans to retire elephants from its circuses . pamela burns : we congratulate the company for its decision to relocate elephants .
there have been only four tornado watches in 2015 . el nino might be helping keep the numbers down . slow start does n't mean it will be quiet for entire season .
fashion commentary show will be on hiatus until september . co-hosts giuliana rancic and brad goreski will return in september .
barca and juve join real madrid , atletico madrid , monaco , psg , porto and bayern munich in champions league quarterfinals .
photographer richard ross shows what life is like for girls in a juvenile detention center . he wants to `` wake people up '' about the system and bring about `` immediate change ''
a live-stream tour of the ship is underway . japan 's giant battleship musashi was sunk off the philippines in world war ii . a team led by microsoft co-founder paul allen said last week it had found the wreck .
a north korean food plant has sent staff abroad to try to learn how to make baguettes . last year , north korean officials went to france to look for cheese recipes .
elton john called for d&g boycott over ivf remarks . lz granderson : who can afford their products anyway ?
sally kohn : indiana jury sentenced woman to 20 years , charging her with feticide and neglect of a dependent after she miscarried . she says absurd , unjust case makes pregnant women hide , avoid medical attention and put their lives at even greater risk .
australia is seeking to confirm reports a melbourne teen killed himself in an isis suicide attack . jake bilardi , 18 , joined isis last year , foreign minister julie bishop said . isis claimed that `` abu abdullah al-australi '' was killed in an assault on ramadi , iraq .
brown has been in a medically induced coma . she was found unresponsive in a bathtub in january . the extent of her injuries is n't known .
indiana is under fire for the religious freedom restoration act . critics say it discriminates against the lgbt community .
can liberals `` draft warren '' to run for democrats ' top senate spot ? ohio gov. john kasich may wait until the summer to make a final call about 2016 . sen. ted cruz 's strategy is to try to `` rock the vote '' with young people .
the national cherry blossom festival starts march 20 in washington . peak bloom is expected in mid-april .
robert durst made some potentially incriminating statements at the end of hbo 's `` jinx '' danny cevallos : durst 's attorneys will want to bar their admission at trial , but they will likely be factored in .
christian laettner apologizes 23 years later for stomping on player . aminu timberlake accepts apology , but hopes kentucky wins it all . timberlake says he prefers to remember pitino 's speech to team . the stomp remains a bitterly divisive play to this day .
former thai prime minister yingluck shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial . the first court hearing will take place on may 19 . case centers on her role in controversial rice subsidy scheme .
honduran teen tells how he lost his leg trying to get to the u.s. he fell from the outside of a train rumbling through mexico . it 's a trip also attempted by tens of thousands of other desperate children .
bourdain goes looking for the story of his long-lost great-great-grandfather in paraguay .
leonardo mayer beats joao souza in longest davis cup singles match . argentine wins in six hours 43 minutes -- third-longest in tennis history . britain beats u.s. in first round , with andy murray defeating john isner . france , australia , kazakhstan , belgium , serbia also reach quarterfinals .
japan 's giant battleship musashi was sunk off the philippines in world war ii . a team led by microsoft co-founder paul allen said it found the wreck after an eight year search .
seventy nine cases of hiv have been confirmed in scott county , indiana . all cases are linked to intravenous drug use .
lewis hamilton is starting to reach beyond the traditional formula one audience . the double world champion could expand his brand through more charity work . a third world title with mercedes in 2015 would also help him become an f1 great .
former juventus star still enjoying football into his 40s . italian striker has enjoyed stints at sydney fc and delhi dynamos . record scorer for juventus considering offers to carry on playing . the 2006 world cup winner says semifinal against germany was most exciting game .
volvo ocean race described as the ` everest of sailing ' seven teams battle on the high seas for nine months .
barry kosmin : u.s. tradition of tolerance is challenged by incidents of anti-semitism on campus . he says a majority of jewish students surveyed reported experiencing or witnessing anti-semitism .
16.5 million people watched the season finale . the show 's first season ended wednesday night . the soundtrack topped billboard 's album chart .
this would be kim jong un 's first official foreign trip as north korea 's leader . the soviet union and north korea enjoyed strong ties in the past .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu won re-election in tuesday 's poll . olena bagno-moldavsky : netanyahu unlikely to rethink national security policies .
ted cruz 's decision to jump-start the 2016 election season is an implicit admission of the challenges he faces . cruz will fight a bevy of other candidates for the votes of the christian right .
german photographer felix von der osten spent time at an indian reservation in montana . he set out to show the `` beauty and richness of the culture '' and arouse curiosity in viewers .
a new book says that where you go to college does not determine who you will be . author frank bruni blames the economy and colleges for increasing the stakes for admission . of the top 10 fortune 500 ceos in 2014 , only one went to an ivy league school .
belgium cycling tournament scraps poster of podium girl 's bum . sparks global debate about sexism in cycling .
children are regularly featured in grisly isis propaganda . boys have told cnn of their military training by the jihadist group .
fernando alonso steps up comeback preparations in mclaren simulator . the double world champion is targeting a return at the malaysian grand prix . the sizzling race in sepang is on march 29 .
march madness inspires men to get vasectomies , discourages working . pizza sales go up after losses -- and so do dessert sales . will your team make it to the sweet 16 ? might be time to upgrade your tv .
officer matt kenny has involved in two fatal shootings during his career . he earned a commendation after the first in 2007 . his second is under investigation .
tran and brown have had an on-again , off again relationship . they broke it off recently amid reports that he fathered child with another woman . he once publicly proclaimed being in love with both her and rihanna .
gov. jerry brown : `` this unprecedented drought continues with no signs yet of letting up '' snowpack in the sierra nevada mountains is alarmingly low as summer looms .
fraser was australia 's 22nd prime minister , from 1975-1983 . fraser is credited with shaping australian ties with east and southeast asian countries .
david perry : governors are making the wrong choice by aiming to cut disability programs and benefits . he says new illinois governor is among those making short-sighted decisions .
recently , it 's been republicans who have been in attention-getting , bruising primaries . a platoon of democrats are mulling senate bids in ohio , florida , maryland , california , pennsylvania and illinois . of the nine senate seats rated as toss-up or competitive in 2016 , seven are held by republicans .
netanyahu to speak to members of congress on tuesday . netanyahu to warn of making bad deal with iran , source says . congress has `` no understanding '' of the deal shaping up , source says .
mauritius ' fresh fruit and veg market leader started on a small hold farm . these days the firm 's distribution center can hold 1,300 tons of fresh fruit and vegetables . the family started the islands ' first dairy , and will open its sixth supermarket franchise .
elton john vows to #boycottdolcegabbana over in-vitro fertilization comments . stefano gabbana defends his `` freedom to speak ''
statement : prince harry to leave military service in june . the prince is set to continue work with wounded veterans .
all on the black hawk helicopter were killed in the crash . four national guard aircrew members and seven marines died . crash happened tuesday in foggy conditions .
french women 's football has long been marginalized , stereotyped as a sport that is too rough and masculine for girls to play . in recent years an increased television presence has raised the profile of the game , especially broadcasts of the women 's world cup . enrollment statistics remain low with only about 50,000 licensed girls under 20 years of age compared to almost 1 million boys .
english premier league club sunderland sack uruguayan manager gus poyet . heavy home defeat to aston villa on saturday final straw for u.s. owner ellis short . relegation from english top flight could cost clubs hundreds of millions of dollars . new epl television deal due to begin in 2016 worth a seismic $ 7.8 billion .
an australian immigration official mistakenly sent personal details of leaders at the g20 . the data was immediately destroyed by the recipient , an organizer of the asian cup soccer tournament . the g20 summit was held in brisbane , australia in november .
joan kagezi was the lead prosecutor in the 2010 bombings that killed 76 people . the terror suspects in that case are currently on trial .
a pilot is in the works for a ` the walking dead ' spinoff . a second season has already been ordered for companion series .
armored u.s. army strykers to make trek to display solidarity with u.s. allies . 16-ton armored vehicles usually moved long distances by rail . move is latest nato military display after russian actions in ukraine , crimea .
50 % of those studied listen to unsafe sound levels on personal audio devices . damaging levels of noise also come from spending time in loud bars or sporting events . coldplay 's chris martin and rapper plan b wish they 'd protected their ears .
marc randazza : ny mayor de blasio says schools will observe two muslim holidays . they should not be observing any religious holidays . selecting three `` approved '' religions for respect says we value the beliefs of some over those of others , he says . randazza : why not observe my religion : day of the dude ? official observance of religious holidays has no place in secular society .
ny school district canceled its experiment with the pledge for `` national foreign language week '' marc randazza says the outcry over an arabic version was a triumph of ignorance over education .
cincinnati reporter interviews christopher cornell on the phone . cornell is accused of plotting an attack on the u.s. capitol . cornell claims to have ties to isis .
zhanna nemtsova says she has no faith in the russian investigation . her father 's killing will serve only to deter other opposition voices , she says . nemtsov was gunned down near the kremlin last week .
two former neighbors of justin bieber file lawsuit against the pop star . suit alleges he vandalized their house with eggs and threatened them . bieber , 21 , pleaded guilty last year to a related vandalism charge .
law enforcement officials say evidence collected so far does n't suggest foul play . forensics expert talks about how evidence differs in suicides and lynchings . fbi agent says a report on the cause of death is expected next week .
kevin mcgill was initially ordered to serve 30 days in jail for picking up trash too early in the morning . mcgill already began his sentence , doing two weekends behind bars . city relents , letting him off with `` time served '' after story goes viral .
a brazilian beach ranks no. 1 for the second year in a row on tripadvisor 's beaches list . the best beach in the u.s. is in florida this year , edging out last year 's hawaii winner .
film on troubled singer 's life to be released in the uk on july 3 . no u.s. release date has been set , deadline reports .
former texas judge says durst case `` affected me in many , many ways '' durst is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 2000 .
at least 23 people were killed in an attack on bardo museum in tunis . mabrouka m'barek : tunisia has failed to `` recruit '' its citizens into society .
robin paul on paid leave after email mocking mental illness surfaces . email photos showed elf hanging himself , begging for xanax . medical director apologizes , says he 's committed to veterans ' health .
the controversy over university of oklahoma students reciting a racist chant raises a number of issues . ruben navarrette : is it necessary for parents to apologize for the bad actions of their grown children ?
police search co-pilot andreas lubitz 's apartment for clues . a pilot who knew lubitz calls him a `` very normal young person '' investigators say they believe he deliberately crashed germanwings flight 9525 .
at least one in four u.s. women is taking a psychiatric drug , according to expert . author says many women taking mental health meds do n't really need them . report : nine of 10 big pharmaceutical firms spend more on marketing than research .
shia militia leader in iraq says iran knows what it 's doing ; coalition help not needed . a top u.s. military leader says anything or anyone who fights isis is welcome . yet the defense secretary says the united states is concerned about iran 's involvement .
interim deal from 2013 between six world powers and iran has been extended twice . parties are seeking a framework agreement -- or main principles of final deal -- by next week . seven countries are at negotiating table , but others such as israel follow from the outside .
whoever wins may 7 election must answer this question , says simon tisdall : what is , or should be , britain 's role in the world ? tisdall : maintaining u.s. relationship is most important foreign policy challenge facing britain 's pm after may 7 . but foreign policy and key 21st century issues , such as climate change , have barely been mentioned , he writes .
dna identifies remains of 9/11 victim more than 13 years later . matthew yarnell , 26 , is the 1,640 victim id 'd from the world trade center . 2,753 died in the attack on the buildings .
david love : the former secretary of state would need to woo african-american voters to turn out in big numbers for 2016 . memories of the bitter 2008 battle with barack obama still linger , he writes .
starbucks encouraged baristas to discuss race with customers . david love : starbucks deserves credit for tackling race , an issue that americans need to talk about .
muhammadu buhari is a 72-year-old retired major general from daura , northern nigeria . buhari led nigeria from 1983 to 1985 , coming to power and leaving power through coups . against a backdrop of violence in the north , he has vowed to make security a priority .
russia annexed crimea in march 2014 . steven pifer : russia did nothing to implement the first minsk ceasefire .
fifa president writes about issue in fifa weekly magazine . he says he discussed it during talks with iranian president . thousands of iranian women watched games at asian cup in australia . protests held at tournament called for ban to be ended .
actor joseph gordon-levitt has signed on to star in and produce a ` fraggle rock ' movie . the jim henson 1980s puppet tv show is a nostalgic favorite .
one music fan in the uk wants him out of the glastonbury festival . he 's started a petition calling for organizers to replace him .
sunday is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg 's 82nd birthday . social media memes mark the occasion .
`` empire '' has seen its ratings grow every week . taraji p. henson 's character is a favorite . the music is a big part of the show .
scott walker plays diplomat in big money conversations about jeb bush . marco rubio courts mitt romney and his former staffers . john kasich gets support from some important n.h. republicans .
florence arthaud was one of 10 people killed in helicopter crash . arthaud was a champion sailor , winning the 1997 transpacific race across the pacific ocean and the route du rhum in 1990 . `` brave and brilliant , nothing was impossible '' said shirley robertson in tribute to the sailor . olympic athletes camille muffat and alexis vastine were also killed in the crash .
two cruise ship companies cancel 2015 stops in tunisia after the bardo museum attack . the museum attack suspects were activated from sleeper cells in tunisia , security minister says . tunisians gather to celebrate independence day .
madonna angers the rochester hills , michigan , mayor by criticizing the town . `` i ca n't be around basic , provincial-thinking people , '' the singer said .
food & wine magazine picks a crop of promising chefs annually . this year 's chefs include specialists in tapas , mexican food and rustic italian fare .
singer angie stone is charged with domestic aggravated assault . police say stone fought with her daughter at her home in lithonia , georgia .
the listing has been removed from ebay . the front cab of a walt disney world monorail train is on sale on ebay . the seller is a disney fan who 's not sure whether he 's ready to part with it .
ferguson : `` rappers are afraid they will lose out on money '' james : `` i 'm making money off ... being creative ''
richard iii will finally be laid to rest in leicester cathedral this week . on sunday his remains were taken from the city 's university to the site of his final battle , bosworth . the bones , in a coffin made by a living relative of the king , are now lying ` in repose ' at the cathedral .
aaron hernandez on trial for the 2013 death of odin lloyd . jurors hear of defendant 's demeanor at club .
taya kyle posted the letter on their 13th wedding anniversary . `` american sniper '' is the highest-grossing war movie . a man was found guilty in kyle 's death in february .
chris borland tells espn that `` i know this is right for me '' san francisco 49ers linebacker quits , citing players with concussion disorder , says he wants to `` be proactive '' some former players who suffered from conditions related to concussions have committed suicide .
the grammy-winning singer shed the weight quickly . he thanked the author of a book on healthy living .
clinton foundation has taken money from foreign governments . bill clinton : `` i believe we have done a lot more good than harm ''
saudi ambassador says iran is interfering in yemen , other countries . saudi adviser says the coalition controls the country 's airspace . houthi leader says rebels will escalate response if airstrikes continue , make yemen a grave for saudis .
a signal that marco rubio is close to jumping in . john boehner trying to get the house back on track . newt gingrich on why hillary clinton wo n't be president .
president obama wants to obtain fast-track authority to finalize a free trade agreement in the asia pacific . julian zelizer : organized labor is right to worry that this would take away more jobs from americans .
the #twizzlerchallenge is inspired by `` lady and the tramp '' last year 's ice bucket challenge raised $ 115 million .
tom cruise shares trailer for `` mission : impossible rogue nation '' sunday on twitter .
opening statements on april 27 would be a month ahead of an earlier schedule . james holmes , 27 , faces 166 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges .
debra milke was convicted of murder in her son 's death , given the death penalty . there was no evidence tying her to the crime , but a detective said she confessed . this detective had a `` history of misconduct , '' including lying under oath .
isis tells doctor to stay , treat militants , hospital official says . about 30 gunmen stormed the sirte hospital , took 20 foreigners captive . isis has been active in sirte , where it also abducted christians from egypt .
george `` chip '' greenidge jr. says training schedule has been an uphill battle . since joining fit nation team , greenidge has lost 20 pounds .
court documents say henry solis ' father helped him flee california . victor solis said he took his son to a bus station in el paso , texas .
cnn 's moni basu shares her story of struggle and success as a south asian woman . basu was featured as part of the saris for suits calendar , a tool created to empower women . the saris for suits campaign aims to create awareness about violence against women in immigrant communities .
former hugh hefner companion holly madison has a memoir coming out . in it , she says she contemplated suicide , according to a report . `` i think my stories will surprise people , '' madison told us weekly .
tony robinson 's uncle says the teen often felt like a misfit . the 19-year-old was killed by a police officer in madison , wisconsin , last week . he pleaded guilty to armed robbery but was turning his life around , his family says .
photographer sophie gamand takes portraits of pit bulls wearing flower crowns . the photos are being used to encourage pet adoption .
15-month-old budi was kept as a pet in indonesia and was fed only condensed milk . when budi arrived at shelter , his eyes welled with tears and he screamed in pain . budi is now well enough to climb , walk and eat .
lee kuan yew was the founding prime minister of singapore . president obama called him a `` true giant of history ''
winners announced in the 2014 military photographer of the year competition . the annual contest is open to u.s. service members .
officials had posted warning friday that cliff was dangerous . two people fell about 70 feet when arch rock at point reyes national seashore collapsed .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is charged with two counts of first-degree assault , prosecutor says . prosecutor thanks the public for leading police to a .40 - caliber allegedly used in shooting . two officers , neither from the ferguson police department , were shot during protests last week .
man who lives near crash site says he heard plane 's engine cut off . publicist says ford was forced to land , will make full recovery . fellow pilot says harrison ford is very skilled , safety-conscious .
with police surrounding hiding place , sixth suspect kills himself , russian media say . one of the men arrested reportedly served as an officer in a chechen police battalion . four of the five suspects are ethnic chechens , law enforcement official tells media .
kyra phillips became a born-again christian as a teen . she attended a christian college , but left after her sophomore year . phillips says she now considers herself a seeker of spiritual enlightenment .
denmark slams russia 's envoy for warning against joining the nato missile shield . ambassador mikhail vanin says he did not think the danes fully understood the consequences . joining would make danish warships `` targets for russian nuclear missiles , '' vanin says .
a class-action lawsuit alleges some california wines contain unsafe levels of arsenic . winemakers respond that their wines are safe and the suit amounts to fearmongering . arsenic can be dangerous in high concentrations .
the 27-year-old rahman falls victim to the same brazen act that killed avijit roy . the deaths have emboldened the movement , an activist says .
lewis hamilton lines up for australian grand prix as most recognized driver in formula one . the mercedes world champion has more than 2 million facebook fans and 2.6 million on twitter . hamilton is chasing a third world title in 2015 .
three buses and a freezer truck were involved in a crash in northern peru . at least 37 people are dead and six are in critical condition .
an announcement from the justice department could come in weeks . case will be a test of ability to prosecute sitting lawmakers .
u.s. military forces have been evacuated from al anad airbase . u.n. security council to meet sunday to discuss yemen .
north yorkshire police ask for bbc report to assess it . bbc director general confirms jeremy clarkson sacked . `` top gear '' presenter was suspended after `` fracas '' with producer .
ugandan start-up safeboda are changing the face of boda-boda motorbike taxis . a click of their app brings you a bike complete with a safety trained driver and protective gear .
andreas lubitz had informed his lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says . a police spokesman say reports about video found in germanwings wreckage are `` completely wrong '' journalists at bild and paris match are `` very confident '' the video clip is real , an editor says .
join meerkat founder ben rubin for a live chat at 2 p.m. et wednesday . follow @benrbn and @lauriesegallcnn on meerkat . use hashtag #cnninstantstartups to join the conversation on twitter .
china executes three men convicted of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 . the train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it `` china 's 9/11 ''
jurors see dzhokhar tsarnaev 's writings on boat where he hid . prosecutor calls it his `` manifesto '' and shows his intent to harm . tsarnaev : `` we muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all ''
investigators believe andreas lubitz deliberately crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing himself and 149 others . lubitz suffered from anxiety and depression symptoms dating back to 2009 , french newspaper reported . doctor : it 's ` rare for depression to cause people to kill other people '
the fbi says it is increasing the reward for missing american robert levinson to $ 5 million . levinson , a former fbi agent , went missing in iran eight years ago ; iran says it does not know where he is . secretary of state john kerry has issued a statement asking for iran to cooperate in the search for levinson .
girlfriend anna duritskaya is under constant pressure by police , her mother says . boris nemtsov , a staunch critic of putin 's , was gunned down as he walked with duritskaya .
mob pulls rape suspect out of jail and kills him . suspect was undocumented bangladeshi settler . racial tensions between local naga people and bangladeshi migrants high .
police official : at least 54 are killed and 139 wounded . 3 of the 4 suicide bombers were females , witnesses say . the attack happened in a region terrorized by boko haram .
three-year-old irish setter jagger died suddenly after competing at crufts dog show . an autopsy revealed poison sewn into cubes of beef in his stomach . `` we ca n't fathom why anyone would do this , '' owner-breeder dee milligan-bott tells cnn .
in the past month , three mexican nationals have been killed in u.s. police shootings . mexico 's foreign ministry says the shootings `` can not be looked at in isolation '' statement warns of possible `` break in trust between the hispanic community and police ''
tony robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him , police chief says . officer has been involved in a fatal shooting on duty in 2007 , chief says . robinson had a prior conviction for armed robbery .
testimony focuses on shooting death of mit officer , 26 . sean collier killed three days after boston bombings . cyclist ids tsarnaev , puts him at scene of collier killing .
ferguson police chief thomas jackson says he 's stepping down . critics accused him of raising tensions rather than calming the situation . jackson defended his department and vowed to work with the community .
the fugitive who killed the marshal was `` extremely dangerous , '' u.s. marshals service director says . deputy u.s. marshal josie wells , 28 , died after trying to arrest jamie croom . `` before he 'd go back to jail , he said , he 'd rather be dead , '' croom 's sister says .
two police officers are shot and wounded in ferguson , missouri , in what a police official calls an `` ambush '' firearms killed 50 officers in 2014 , up from 32 in 2013 , the officers memorial fund says . national law enforcement officers memorial fund : of the 50 , 15 were killed in ambushes .
arrest warrant issued for lapd officer on murder charges . police found an odd clue blocks from a shooting scene -- the officer 's abandoned car .
amran abdundi wins the campaigning category at 2015 index freedom of expression awards . honored for her work helping victims of rape and conflict along kenya-somalia border .
fbi says it believes awol rookie policeman henry solis is armed and dangerous . he is accused of shooting a man after a fight in a pomona , california , bar .
cristie and joseph codd were reported missing sunday . the suspect had done odd jobs for the couple , authorities say .
the shot officer underwent surgery and is expected to make full recovery , police say . incident began when police got report that walmart employee was attacked , statement says . police : nine suspects , believed to be from the same family , `` immediately '' began attacking them .
police officer lisa mearkle faces homicide charge for shooting an unarmed man . david kassick , 59 , was shot and killed after fleeing a traffic stop .
wisconsin trooper killed during first solo assignment , police say . san jose police officer is killed while responding to a report of a suicidal man . wisconsin state trooper killed during an attempted bank robbery .
somali diplomat to the united nations in geneva was among those killed , government says . witness : attackers detonated car bomb , then shot people inside hotel . hotel is popular with lawmakers , journalists and business people .
somali-american fahia bashir nur of virginia was killed in the attack , her uncle says . witness : attackers detonate a car bomb , then shoot people inside hotel . the hotel is popular with lawmakers , journalists and business people .
there are less than 1000 ili pikas in existence , says li weidong . it was photographed for the first time in two decades last year .
lindsey vonn wins record-breaking seventh downhill title . it 's also a record 18th world cup title for the american ski star .
u.s. skier mikaela shiffrin wins world cup slalom race in are , sweden on saturday . the 20-year-old is poised to clinch a historic double at finals in meribel .
cruz announces candidacy in a video on twitter . he follows up with a speech at liberty university in virginia .
hartsfield-jackson in atlanta is again the world 's busiest passenger airport . but chicago won the top spot in another key measurement . hong kong kept the title of busiest cargo airport .
`` new day '' digital producer jessica moskowitz was diagnosed with a brain tumor in september . moskowitz , then 28 , was at work when she began to feel strange symptoms and was rushed to the hospital . after surgery and ongoing rehabilitation , she says , she gained an appreciation for life she 'd never had .
eight u.s. states do n't require vision and hearing screenings in schools . after going partially blind and deaf as a child , chelsea elliott created a solution . do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
unlikely mechanic gives people in need a ` lift ' trying to raise kids on minimum wage with a broken down car in subzero weather is tough . do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
james corden breaks into late night on monday as new `` late late show '' host . corden is a household name in the uk and will take over craig ferguson 's show . big finales this week include `` girls , '' `` mindy project , '' `` pretty little liars ''
praise pours in for angelina jolie 's decision to go public with surgery decision . she had ovaries , fallopian tubes removed to reduce cancer risk , she says in new york times . `` angelina jolie is an amazing woman , '' one twitter user wrote .
resident tells cnn she initially mistook the noise from the crash for an avalanche . crash site in the bleone valley is remote , difficult to reach . single mountain road leads to area ; police urge people to leave it clear .
denise huskins , 30 , works as a physical therapist at a kaiser hospital , cnn affiliate kgo reports . huskins was taken from her boyfriend 's residence , her cousin tells cnn affiliate kpix .
the birds were on the return leg of their migration from the u.s. and mexico . wildlife officials say they appear to have died of avian cholera .
university of oklahoma students were expelled after video surfaced of racist song . marc randazza : those willing to weaken first amendment should realize their free expression is also at risk .
hong kong 's newest monastery features bulletproof vip rooms and the world 's second tallest goddess of mercy statue . the $ 193m monastery is funded by asia 's richest man , li ka-shing . the monastery will be open to public by mid april .
worried father sends message to daughter : `` please , come back '' lawmaker : med students ' family members believe they wanted to work for isis . `` they have been cheated , brainwashed , '' the turkish lawmaker says .
group called islamic state hacking division threatened u.s. troops . it 's not the first time online threats against military families have emerged on the internet .
faraz sanei : women 's groups in iran have remained adaptable . those hostile to women 's rights in iran remain unrelenting , she says .
35 photos of tortured bodies are on display at the united nations . adviser to the coalition for a democratic syria says they show actions of president bashar al-assad 's regime .
joss whedon stepping aside as director for upcoming `` avengers '' sequels . `` captain america '' sequel directors the russo brothers will take the reins of `` avengers : infinity war '' sequels will be released in two parts .
a test in kansas found listeria in a blue bell ice cream cup . the company is recalling the cups after recalling another group of products this month . three people in kansas have died from a listeria outbreak .
two officers are shot in ferguson overnight . police chief thomas jackson 's resignation is effective march 19 . protesters want the entire department gutted and for the mayor to resign .
photo appears to show homeless person reading vogue . `` paris is full of surprises ... and @voguemagazine readers even in unexpected corners ! '' the caption read . photo has since been deleted .
egypt state news agency says country will give military support to saudi arabian-led coalition . saudi arabia begins military operations in yemen , ambassador says . sources tells cnn that other gulf nations will be a part of a coalition fighting the houthi rebels .
arnold palmer says he understands why tiger woods wo n't play at his tournament . woods is struggling to be ready for next month 's masters at augusta .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .
fernando alonso will not race in season-opening australian grand prix . the double world champion suffered concussion in testing crash for mclaren . kevin magnussen will take his place in melbourne for march 15 race .
troops from chad and niger launch offensive against boko haram . the offensive is part of a coordinated regional campaign .
protests resume outside ferguson 's police headquarters . investigators identify two they want to question ; one might be the shooter . state troopers and county police will take over protest security .
`` sooners are not racists . they 're not bigots , '' university president tells cnn . rapper waka flocka flame `` disgusted , '' cancels upcoming show for saes . national chapter quickly closed fraternity as school president said ties `` severed ''
national chapter of sae says it is giving due process to members at university of oklahoma . some members of the fraternity at the university of oklahoma have received death threats , their lawyer says . university of washington 's sae chapter president says its members were not involved in an incident on that campus .
`` although i do n't deserve it , i want to ask for your forgiveness , '' levi pettit says . he was one of two students expelled from the university of oklahoma over a racist fraternity chant . `` from this point forward , i will be the leader that i should have been , '' he says .
the usgs has been studying weddell seals in antarctica for more than 40 years . the agency had asked scientists for interesting images to post on social media .
sexting is more common than parents might realize , studies suggest . teens can hide texts they send using apps like snapchat , cyberdust and vaporchat .
the show celebrated its 10-year anniversary . there 's a new 14-karat-gold-plated mirror ball trophy . the youngest contestant is 14 .
t.j. maxx pulled a t-shirt many found offensive from shelves after social media complaint . the shirt , made by tavik , says `` hang loose '' and features an image of a noose . the retailer and clothing maker have apologized .
a man holds his family hostage with an ar-15 , police respond . the man shoots at navajo nation officers , killing 1 and wounding 1 . the suspect is shot to death hours later in red valley , arizona .
a police officer testifies about the writings dzhokhar tsarnaev scrawled on a boat . the boat was tsarnaev 's final hideout before his arrest .
rob kardashian posts a pic from `` gone girl '' on instagram . he compares the lead character to his sister kim . rob kardashian has had an uneven relationship with family members .
cevallos : alabama may go too far in the process used to decide if a teenager can have an abortion without parental consent . he says a court hearing makes sense , but an adversarial process , like a trial , is questionable .
a new brookings study says proximity to jobs is declining . the lack of proximity forces longer commutes in both distance and time . metro areas will have to work across jurisdictions to solve problems , the study says .
the bush money machine faces the expectations game . al gore 's trip back to iowa has some democrats buzzing .
oscar-winning composer john williams steps aside from 2016 's `` star wars : rogue one '' williams will also be absent on steven spielberg 's next movie , for the first time in three decades . williams ' music will still be heard on `` star wars : the force awakens '' in december .
the rev. james martin , a catholic priest , calls the relationship between james and jesus `` very complicated . '' ben witherington iii offers the protestant view that jesus and james were full brothers , with jesus being the elder .
disney officially announced `` frozen 2 '' on thursday . olaf and friends will return to theaters soon . same creative team will return .
testimony focuses on carjacking after the boston marathon bombings . dun meng says one of carjackers admitted to being a bomber and to killing an mit officer .
`` afghan star '' is afghanistan 's answer to `` american idol '' but the tv show is more -- it gives afghan refugees and the world a look at a changing society .
diesel named his daughter pauline after walker . diesel calls `` furious 7 '' a `` very personal film '' co-star walker was killed in 2013 during break in filming . the seventh `` fast and furious '' film debuts april 3 .
iraqi forces have been involved in an offensive to retake tikrit . rula jebreal : short-term tactical victories wo n't be enough to defeat isis .
isis was only thought to have a fledgling presence in yemen , but claims responsibility for bombing there . isis supporters appear to be heeding its leader abu bakr al-baghdadi 's call to `` erupt volcanoes of jihad ''
president obama is planning withdrawal of all u.s. troops from afghanistan by end of 2016 . peter bergen : the move would invite the kind of chaos we 've seen in iraq .
the bardo museum attackers wore suicide vests , tunisia 's president tells cnn . police shot them before they could detonate the vests , beji caid essebsi says . essebsi says 15 people have been arrested over the deadly attack .
families say the doctors and students went to turkey to help refugees . `` they have been cheated , brainwashed , '' parliamentarian mehmet ali ediboglu says . the group is made up of britons , sudanese , an american and a canadian .
american was flown from africa to maryland hospital . nih has one of only four u.s. hospital biocontainment units .
religion professor mark goodacre appears in each episode of the program .
there have been more than 11,000 orders for the airbus a320 family . the plane is the single-aisle rival to boeing 's 737 . a320 is `` safer than most aircraft out there now , '' says aviation expert .
suspect dies after treatment for bullet wounds . sheriff says the suspect also had smoke bombs and molotov cocktails . richard white allegedly stormed an airport security area with a machete .
the teens are believed to have made it to war-torn syria . the girls ' parents publicly begged them to come home .
`` saudis are beginning to feel a little threatened here , '' cnn military analyst says . country is in a `` rapid downward spiral , '' u.n. officials warn . with u.s. and uk forces gone , fears rise that terror could blossom in yemen .
bergen : boko haram is the latest of terrorist groups in 12 countries to pledge allegiance to isis . he says the spread of isis poses questions for obama , congress in deciding future of fight against terrorism .
transponder data indicates someone inside the cockpit programmed plane 's descent . lufthansa ceo says his company is `` speechless that this aircraft has been deliberately crashed by the co-pilot '' investigators say they 're baffled as to why .
paris prosecutor 's office opens a manslaughter investigation into the crash . the dead include french athletes camille muffat , alexis vastine and florence arthaud . the helicopters were on their way to a gorge for the filming of a reality tv show .
u.s. marine dakota meyer won the 2011 medal of honor for rescue in afghanistan . `` this is so ` merica that my mind is blown right now , '' commenter says on meyer 's instagram .
nigerian girls escaped after boko haram abducted them from school . they hope to help their country by finishing their education .
a police officer shot and killed ruben garcia villalpando in a dallas suburb . the case has drawn sharp criticism from mexico 's government , which calls for a federal investigation . widow : `` i do not know now whether to believe in the authorities here or not ''
reese witherspoon was among the actresses at the oscars who called for red carpet interviewers to #askhermore . while red carpet fashion is a big draw for awards , women in hollywood say they want to talk about more than their gowns . however , in many cases stars are paid to wear and promote the designer dresses . can they do both ?
expert : israeli politician moshe kahlon may be `` kingmaker '' in coalition government . with 99 % of votes counted , netanyahu 's likud party has at least 29 of the 120 knesset seats . palestinian official : results show campaign based on racism can succeed .
the fbi is looking into unsolved murder cases in areas where robert durst has lived . he 's charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 2000 . court documents reveal he had more than $ 40,000 in cash and a mask when agents arrested him .
in singapore , lee kuan yew had remarkable success in creating a prosperous modern state . his lessons should prove instructive to other leaders in a time of great instability , writes graham allison . lee passed on his insights on the role of government leadership in development to allison .
police fired `` less lethal '' bean bag rounds at woman with knife after she did n't comply . an autopsy set for sunday could help determine how the children died , police say . 3 children are found unresponsive at a home in palm bay , on florida 's east coast .
yemeni president hadi arrives in egypt for arab league summit . airstrikes pound sanaa on friday night . the strikes target the houthis , who are shiite muslims backed by iran .
images of parents sneaking their children cheat sheets have dumbfounded many in india . education remains the way out of poverty for millions of young indians , but the state is failing many of them . some parents go to desperate lengths to get their children educated .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting two police officers in ferguson , missouri . defense attorney : `` one thing that is clear is that he has a large amount of bruising on his body '' police flatly deny allegation that williams was beaten or bruised in custody .
2 ferguson police officers resign over racist emails , city spokesman says . earlier this week , the city 's top court clerk was fired over the emails , spokesman says .
alexander mcqueen : savage beauty has arrived at the victoria and albert museum in london . the exhibition showcases the late designers most memorable pieces . v&a director mark roth sees it as a `` homecoming '' for london-born mcqueen .
nebraska was set to begin offering marriage licenses monday . the aclu filed the lawsuit challenging the state 's ban .
digging has begun at the bedlam burial ground in london . taking its name from a hospital for the mentally ill , bedlam is now a synonym for chaos .
new study reveals openings that threaten huge glacier with warm water . totten glacier is bigger and thinning faster than all the others in east antarctica .
ashley judd says she was attacked by twitter trolls after a critical tweet about basketball . judd , an actor and women 's rights advocate , has vowed to press charges .
isis tunnels under iraqi army headquarters ; explosions kill dozens of soldiers . iraqi officials say they are investigating claims of abuses by soldiers after photos emerge . isis has launched a major assault on the city of ramadi , an official says .
spokesman encourages potential fighters to go to africa if they can not get to iraq or syria . abu bakr al-baghdadi 's spokesman congratulated `` our jihadi brothers '' in western africa . boko haram 's leader had extended his pledge to be an ally in an audio message last week .
iraqi security forces -lrb- isf -rrb- received $ 20 billion of u.s. money between 2005 and 2012 . iraq 's military is starting over -- for the second or third time in a decade .
some judges in alabama are opposing same-sex marriages . donna brazile : the u.s. supreme court should make a clear ruling in favor of gay marriage .
sigga ella 's portraits show people with down syndrome from 9 months to 60 years old . she hopes her photos shine a light on `` the beauty and diversity of mankind ''
two pieces of asteroid crashed into australia many millions of years ago . researchers stumble across traces of the impact zone deep in the earth 's crust .
japan 's maritime self-defense force takes receipt of newly-commissioned helicopter carrier . the ship , named the izumo , is the largest japanese military ship since the second world war . critics in neighboring countries say the ship could contravene japan 's pacifist constitution .
a 27-year-old man arrested on `` suspicion of sexual activity '' with a 15-year-old girl . british media report the man in question is england footballer adam johnson . johnson plays for english premier league team sunderland .
cnn meets the philippines fighter on court in manila , where he coaches a basketball team . the 36-year-old ring legend has also dabbled in politics in his homeland . pacquaio says his two oldest children are desperate for him to fight mayweather .
a video claims to show the killing of mohamed said ismail musallam . musallam 's family says isis recruited him . isis claims the 19-year-old is an israeli spy .
expat oil workers in abu dhabi built sand golf course in 1961 . form of game features putting ` browns ' instead of greens . unexpected hazards can include the burrows of desert lizards .
after winning the league cup on sunday , chelsea triumphs in the league . the blues beat west ham 1-0 to keep their five point lead over man city . manchester city kept pace by defeating last place leicester 2-0 . manchester united scored late to down newcastle 1-0 .
british amateur runner competes in marathons and ultramarathons . oakes underwent reconstructive surgery on knee as a teenager . the 48-year old runs to raise money for her animal sanctuary . oakes is passionate about veganism and promoting positive image of plant-based diet .
georgia company equips plane to transport ebola patients . design was developed when sars , swine and bird flu were generating concern .
china 's foreign minister says `` marathon-like negotiations have reached their final stage '' secretary of state john kerry : `` we are working with a view to get something done '' potential snags to talks include how quickly sanctions on iran would be lifted .
prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall , are visiting the united states . charles , an advocate of organic farming and traditional architecture , is heir to british throne .
a major offensive by iraqi forces to retake tikrit was launched just over a week ago . isis forces are retreating toward the center of tikrit . isis has launched a major assault on the city of ramadi , an official says .
russian opposition leader boris nemtsov was killed last month . jill dougherty : conspiracy theories about the killing are rife , but none seem convincing .
renowned short game coach dave pelz has turned his backyard into a golf paradise . pelz has replicas from augusta tpc sawgrass and st andrew 's at his texas home . the 70-year-old spent 15 years working for nasa before becoming a golf coach . he 's worked with over 100 pros including five-time major champ phil mickelson .
barcelona extends lead over real madrid in spanish league . champions league opponent manchester city suffers shock defeat .
dani foffa was a business analyst before starting a bike company . his foffa bikes design and manufacture urban bicycles . they have been named as one of the ten best commuter bikes by the independent , a uk newspaper .
solar impulse completes first leg of its round-the-world flight , from abu dhabi to oman . pilot andre borschberg was at the controls ; bertrand piccard will tackle the second journey . after pit stop in muscat , oman , the solar-powered plane will travel on to india , myanmar and china .
there 's no shortage of battle-hardened militants in afghanistan , writes nick paton-walsh . concerns are growing about how isis may expand into the country . a senior u.s. official fears disaffected taliban might be attracted to the group .
burger king says you get a free whopper when you buy flame-grilled fragrance for about $ 41 . burger king did this a few years ago in u.s. with the fragrance flame .
wang wenlan has been a photojournalist in china for almost four decades . his work is a great window to examine contemporary china . his most famous series of photographs tracks china 's relationship with the bicycle .
more than 3,000 runners came to the west bank . `` it means that you run for peace , '' sana jamaani says .
rosetta is to begin listening for signs that the lander has survived the cold and dark . from lander pictures , mission controllers think philae is tucked up underneath a cliff face . philae has already detected organic chemicals on the comet surface .
as a teen , timothy winslow fell in love with exploring computer systems around the nation . when the fbi showed up , that exploration caused some trouble .
u.s. air force resurrects b-52 stratofortress for return to service . the 53-year-old stratofortress , retired in 2008 , is nicknamed `` ghost rider '' `` after almost seven years ... she cranked up just fine , '' pilot says .
prince bishop wins dubai world cup . the uae owned horse was a 14-1 long shot . favorite california chrome finished second .
vladimir putin cuts government salaries , including his own , by 10 % . move comes after putin canceled holiday vacations .
son of former president removed from post as ambassador to united arab emirates . reuters video shows trucks carrying tanks in saudi arabia near yemen border . yemen 's foreign minister says he expects coalition troops to arrive within days .
newspapers cite sources who say andreas lubitz had a mental illness . german investigators say he 'd been declared unfit to work , but was hiding it from the airline . one man says andreas lubitz did n't seem like the kind of person who was sad or depressed .
ayman odeh is a new face in politics : he is an israeli citizen and a charismatic lawyer of palestinian descent . under odeh 's leadership , israel 's tiny , splintered arab parties have teamed up . they are poised to take as many as 15 seats in the knesset .
life under total surveillance and control now the norm in crimea , says writer . old soviet practice of denunciation has become commonplace , he says . he writes : the harder life gets in crimea , the more people support putin .
serena williams pulls out of semifinal due to knee injury . sister venus did the same before 14-year boycott . williams returned to the tournament for first time since 2001 .
will marshall : retreat from marriage is pervading the working middle class . marriage in america is becoming another luxury item for economic elites , he says .
world champion lewis hamilton will start opening race of 2015 on pole position . hamilton significantly quicker than mercedes teammate in melbourne .
the yet-to-be-named city will be roughly the size of denver . developers say it could eventually be home to 7 million people .
police in town north of yangon , myanmar , crack down on students marching in protest of an education bill . `` the public and we are losing confidence in the democratic transitions , '' says trade unions spokesman .
israel holds parliamentary elections on tuesday . jonathan rynhold : despite polls , peace and security key issue .
kurds make up about a fifth of turkey 's population . since 1984 , the militant kurdistan workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- has fought the turkish government . now , the leader of the pkk says it 's time for the fighting to stop .
in her photo book `` the home stage , '' jessica todd harper explores parenting and childhood . she combines naturally occurring moments with carefully planned compositions .
uk will also provide an additional $ 22.4 million in humanitarian aid . russia signs a treaty with georgia 's breakaway south ossetia region .
incumbent president goodluck jonathan acknowledges defeat , says he delivered on promise of fair elections . muhammadu buhari 's party says jonathan called to concede even before final results are announced . buhari is a 72-year-old retired major general who ruled in nigeria in the 1980s .
wife of bayern munich germany star thomas muller is an aspiring dressage rider . lisa muller recently won her first title at national level on board birkhofs dave . the 25-year-old trains at stables just outside munich where she has eight horses . thomas has host of titles with bayern and won the world cup with germany in 2014 .
the memristor is a new type of electrical component that could revolutionize electronics . it was first conceptualized in the 1970s , long before one could even be built . researchers at eth work with ibm in memristors for future computing devices . memristor-based chips would n't require silicon , so we could see computers in windows , textiles or even coffee cups .
la belle touts itself as the ` first superyacht designed for women ' raises eyebrows over ` barbie doll ' portrayal of femininity .
unanticipated , widespread power outages the big problem in north carolina . a university of mississippi student dies in a sledding accident . bad weather contributes to miles-long backups in alabama and georgia .
each year , people all over the world organize events around intl. . women 's day . cnn picks the coolest conferences , gigs , walks and other events . includes : breakfast with scientists in new zealand , mother-daughter coding in luxembourg .
report : iran 's leader accuses world powers of `` deception , trickery and backstabbing '' in nuclear talks . ayatollah khamenei also criticizes a letter sent by u.s. republican senators to iran .
esther okade is a 10-year-old british-nigerian student . she recently enrolled at the open university in the uk . already top of her class scoring 100 % in a recent exam . took a-level exams , a british secondary school qualification , last year .
prince william arrives in china on sunday after visiting japan . china has embraced british culture , especially tv shows like `` downton abbey '' trip presents diplomatic test for prince william .
clinton currently has seven events in march , with one paid speech and many focused on women . this comes after clinton gave only three speeches in january and february . clinton is expected to announce some official move towards the presidency in april , according to democrats close to her .
a mummified monk from china was found inside a buddha statue . researchers believe the monk practiced `` self-mummification ''
co-stars , science leaders and fans pay tribute to `` star trek 's '' leonard nimoy . nimoy , best known for his role as mr. spock , died friday at 83 .
actress lupita nyong ' o said the dress she wore to the sunday oscars had been stolen . los angeles authorities got a tip and found a dress that looked like hers in a hotel bathroom .
isis captured assyrian christians in various villages in northern syria . isis has executed nearly 2,000 people since june , the syrian observatory reports .
roy yearned for an age of reason without religious dogma . islamist extremists resented him , threatened to kill him .
both people shot at the nightclub label in charlotte are expected to survive . the club reopens a few hours later for a p. diddy concert .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
victor barnard is accused of 59 counts of sexual assault on two young girls . he was a preacher of a religious group that had a camp in minnesota .
spacewalk last more than five hours ; crews have spent more than 1,171 hours spacewalking . astronaut terry virts found a small amount of water inside his helmet .
actress dakota johnson hosted `` saturday night live '' this weekend . her mother , actress melanie griffith , was pleased with the performance . but some reacted negatively to johnson 's isis-related sketch .
advocacy group cage releases emails between `` jihadi john '' and the organization 's research director . mohammed emwazi complained about his treatment by british airport security officials and police . rashad ali , director at counterextremism consultancy , argues that the emails do n't give the full picture .
four americans missionaries were released saturday after being detained a few days ago . not clear if this is related to detained americans mentioned by venezuelan president maduro . maduro also banned george w. bush , dick cheney , others from entering venezuela . venezuela will now require americans to get a visa to visit .
14-year-old valentina maureira suffers from cystic fibrosis . in a video , she asks the president to allow her to have an assisted suicide .
conrad roy , 18 , was found dead of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning , police said . police : a search of his phone found texts from a friend urging him to commit suicide .
ukraine 's president says boris nemtsov was about to release information . russia : authorities are searching for the killer of staunch putin critic . he was supposed to lead a rally sunday against russia 's policies on ukraine .
chelsea wins english league cup at wembley . jose mourinho 's team beats tottenham hotspur 2-0 at wembley . john terry and kyle walker own goal for chelsea . man city loses 2-1 at liverpool to miss chance to close on chelsea at top of epl .
victor barnard is accused of 59 counts of sexual assault on two young girls . he was a preacher of a religious group that had a camp in minnesota . authorities have been looking to arrest him since april 2014 .
retired general says netanyahu speech will damage israel-u.s. relationship . poll shows israelis split on whether they support the speech , with many undecided .
cleveland : tamir rice died because he failed `` to exercise due care to avoid injury '' a police officer killed tamir , 12 , last year as the boy played with a pellet gun . officers mistook fake gun for a real one , cleveland police department has said .
john sutter : child poverty in the united states is n't inevitable ; it 's a choice . he presents four policy solutions he says would help end this scourge .
the king of jordan gives his first interview since the slaying of a jordanian pilot . abdullah : the pilot 's death has `` motivated '' jordanians and `` the gloves have come off '' in fight against isis .
suspect in hit-and-run that left two onlookers dead is charged with murder . henry gevorgyan , 21 , surrendered to authorities saturday night .
donna brazile : in 2008 , hillary clinton de-emphasized gender and ran on her experience . now clinton is positioning her potential campaign to focus on history-making election of a woman president .
volcano shoots ash into the atmosphere some 30,000 feet . winds blow ash cloud across the bering sea and into western alaska .
could president obama 's legacy include fixing ferguson ? rand paul , jeb bush and hillary clinton compete for silicon valley cash . will 2016 be the year of the super pac election ?
`` come on , sweetie . come on , sweetie , '' police officer implores rescued toddler . baby lily was trapped in the car in the cold river for as long as 14 hours . lily 's mother , lynn jennifer groesbeck , died in the crash .
real madrid held 1-1 by villarreal . cristiano ronaldo scores 30th la liga goal of season . atletico madrid misses chance to close gap with 0-0 draw at sevilla . wolfsburg wins bundesliga game subject of security alert .
`` the sound of music '' celebrates 50th anniversary on march 2 . film is widely beloved , was one of biggest hits of all time .
tamir rice 's mother : `` they never even gave him a chance '' a lawyer for tamir rice 's family says the mayor 's apology does n't go far enough . 12-year-old rice was shot dead by police in november while playing with a pellet gun .
a chihuahua tries to travel with its owner via checked baggage . tsa officers at laguardia found the dog during the normal screening process .
the execution is postponed because the drugs `` appeared cloudy , '' georgia says . gissendaner 's was scheduled to die at 7 p.m. monday for a murder plot targeting her husband .
it 's unclear what will become of the other kidnapped assyrians . syrian observatory : isis has executed nearly 2,000 people since june .
a georgia town featured on the hit amc show is for sale on ebay . the starting price for nine downtown grantville buildings : $ 680,000 .
rafael nadal wins atp tournament in buenos aires . beats home player juan monaco 6-4 6-1 in final . closes in on guillermo vilas ' all-time record of 49 tournament titles on clay . nadal bidding for 10th french open crown later this year .
juan rocha 's father came to the u.s. from mexico on a work visa program . while his father picked crops , rocha did n't have a life of backbreaking labor . one of 12 children , rocha thanks his father and mother for their sacrifices . are you a first-generation american ? share your story with cnn ireport .
netanyahu worked on his speech while on the way to washington . official said netanyahu sees speech as `` last chance '' to avert bad deal with iran . netanyahu has called this trip `` historic ''
in celebration of international women 's day we look at seven inspiring women . remarkable females made huge scientific discoveries and campaigned for equality . which women have inspired you ? tweet your answers to @cnniwomen .
ru hill trained in fine art in london . however , his heart was in surfing and he opened a surf retreat in costa rica . he says following a passion is important , but it has to make financial sense .
in 1796 , washington called for a national university and even left money behind to fund it . kevin carey : we could build a 21st century version of a national university at no cost to taxpayers .
ziv : by injecting himself into u.s. politics , the israeli prime minister puts at risk a 67-year relationship between two countries . netanyahu 's speech to congress poses a problem for democrats too , ziv says .
new film about one of borussia dortmund 's founders , franz jacobi , set for release . film was funded by 3,000 dortmund fans and sponsors , raising $ 265,000 . jacobi helped form the football club in 1909 along with 17 others .
police say the suspect posted photos of the crime scene . he also threatened roy in social media posts , his family said .
states have struggled to maintain supply . european makers of pentobarbital bans its use in executions .
dean obeidallah : twitter blew up over `` saturday night live '' skit about girl joining isis . he says ridiculing and laughing at terrorists undermines them , diminishes their power .
pictures released monday show fidel castro meeting with five cuban intelligence agents . the agents were jailed in the united states for many years .
man has seizure at 9,000 feet while skydiving , becomes unconscious . he is saved by instructor during his free fall . video of incident has more than 4.4 million views on youtube .
authorities fear the toll from deadly avalanche will grow higher . panjshir is a small , mountainous province in afghanistan .
`` power/rangers '' became an internet craze last week . its producer and director like to subvert pop culture ideas . the film was a legal football for a time , highlighting creativity and financial issues .
china 's internet model is one of extreme control , says amnesty 's east asia director . chinese authorities suppress online debate on a range of legitimate issues , she says . while the battlefield is virtual , the impact on people 's lives is real and devastating , she adds .
two-hour documentary on china 's air pollution goes viral . documentary shot by former tv anchor after birth of child . film generated ferocious debate , took censors by surprise .
ruth ellen gruber says the victims of today 's islamist terror attacks include christians and muslims as well as jews . she says terrorism in the 1970s and '80s did not prove an existential threat to jews or prompt a mass exodus , and nor should it now .
barcelona reclaims spanish league lead with 6-1 win at home to rayo vallecano . lionel messi sets record for hat-tricks by a spanish club player . his treble moves him level with cristiano ronaldo as la liga 's top scorer . luis suarez scores twice , with gerard pique adding barca 's other goal .
north korea has fired two missiles into the sea , believed to be scud-c . the launch comes as the united states and south korea begin joint military drills . the annual exercises have long sparked tensions .
kremlin critic and opposition figure boris nemtsov was fatally shot in moscow on friday . in 2014 he had told cnn 's anthony bourdain his fame offered some protection . nemtsov criticized putin 's russia in the interview saying the power system was corrupt .
iraq stages an offensive against isis in tikrit . isis has generally controlled tikrit since 2014 .
britain 's royal mint unveiled a new coinage portrait of queen elizabeth ii on monday . production of coins with the new image has begun , and they will be in circulation this year . the portrait was designed by royal mint engraver jody clark .
richard john seymour traveled to the chinese city of yiwu to photograph commodity city . in `` yiwu commodity city , '' seymour documents the buyers and sellers that make up the wholesale market . the photos shed light on how the products people own may connect to unfamiliar , distant landscapes .
fighting in recent weeks at donetsk airport and in debaltseve has killed hundreds , un says . civilians who have n't left often do n't for fear of being killed , if they try to move .
priscilla sitienei says she went back to school to inspire her grandchildren . `` she advises our girls , she advises our boys , '' her principal says .
`` star trek '' actor leonard nimoy died friday at age 83 . andy lau : nearly every episode had a moral lesson or dilemma .
russian opposition leader boris nemtsov was gunned down near the kremlin . daniel treisman : he was courageous , talented but had had little support in russia since '90s .
gif creator : it 's pronounced `` jif '' steve wilhite created the graphics interchange format in 1987 at compuserve . he pronounced the issue closed at the webby awards in 2013 . and yet , some partisans remain unswayed .
ahead of one year anniversary , search chief says he 's confident malaysia airlines flight 370 will eventually be found . not all share martin dolan 's optimism . families angry at the lack of information concerning their loved ones lost on board .
nina pham gave consent to release medical information , hospital company ceo says . pham contracted ebola while treating a patient at a dallas hospital . she says the hospital violated her privacy and did not provide adequate training .
jeb bush attended this year 's conservative political action conference . ruben navarrette : latinos want to see if bush stands up to pressure from extremists .
david gergen : netanyahu 's speech is a terrible mistake of his making but he deserves a hearing . the rift in us-israel relations over iran is serious , needs repair , gergen says .
julian zelizer : gop hogs the spotlight with funding deadlines like the battle over money for the department of homeland security . he says the continual crises deprive obama of the chance to move his agenda forward even slightly .
iranian ministry spokeswoman : speech a `` deceitful theater play '' full of `` lies '' israelis are split on the speech and netanyahu ahead of upcoming elections there .
u.s. federal government lists dozens of capital offenses punishable by death . danny cevallos : society 's view of death penalty is constantly evolving .
boris nemtsov is buried in a moscow cemetery following a somber memorial service . nemtsov `` always said everything that others were afraid to say , '' says one mourner . moscow investigative committee says `` all scenarios '' are being considered in nemtsov slaying .
nasa 's dawn spacecraft arrives friday at ceres . the spacecraft is the first to visit a dwarf planet .
a video posted by boko haram shows the apparent beheading of two men . the video is similar in style and content to beheading videos posted by isis . `` it 's clear boko haram is leaning toward isis , '' says an expert who monitors boko haram .
religion professor mark goodacre appears in each episode of the program . he defends the carbon dating used to determine the age of the shroud of turin .
president maduro has said americans will need visas to visit venezuela . he also said several americans were arrested for espionage . the state department called the allegation `` baseless ''
some claim it 's no coincidence that critics of putin and his government have been killed or imprisoned . but the kremlin staunchly denies accusations that it 's targeting political opponents .
bandits made off with more than $ 4 million in gold during the sunday night heist . the truck was stuck on an interstate during a trip up north to massachusetts .
erik johnson says when he bent over to pick up his keys , `` i heard a pop '' his phone had exploded , he was burned and had to be hospitalized , he says . apple says it is looking into the incident .
stacey addison was detained by police in september during a taxi journey . she says another passenger in the cab picked up a package containing drugs . addison was on a nearly two-year trip around the world .
karl turk , who was told he may never walk again , is coaching in the state playoffs . indiana pacer visited turk and inspired him to embrace his disability . turk applied for 10 head coaching positions , only to have one interview .
opposition leader boris nemtsov murdered in moscow on friday . browder : there are reasons why vladimir putin would want nemtsov dead . russian government has denied any involvement in killing .
military leader says `` most of the worst attacks '' were carried out by cameroonians fighting for boko haram . opposition leader says northern region 's poverty gives boko haram leverage to attract young recruits . government has deployed some 6,000 troops and plans to invest $ 135 million in development projects .
anna duritskaya , a 23-year-old ukrainian model , was boris nemtsov 's girlfriend . she was with nemtsov when unknown attackers shot him dead in moscow .
latest of 8 robberies came at wells fargo bank in falls church , virginia , during lunch hour . fbi : one robber white , the other black ; they 're in their 40s and stand about 5 ' 8 '' trio includes a driver who waits outside while other two take over bank , fbi says .
ibragim todashev was killed during a 2013 fbi interrogation . his family has filed a notice that it plans to the sue the fbi for $ 30 million . todashev was an associate of boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
more than 200 skeletons found under monoprix grocery store . the store is on a site where a hospital cemetery was located , dating to 12th century .
skid row in l.a. is a 54-block area home to the nation 's largest concentration of homeless people . new york city has the biggest homeless population , but l.a. has biggest number of unsheltered homeless . the homeless in downtown los angeles ' skid row live on sidewalks under tarps and tents .
the political battle in washington has real economic implications for mcallen , texas . the border town is home to people who depend on their paychecks from their homeland security jobs .
a photography teacher is found dead at el dorado high school in placentia . another teacher and students found her in a classroom .
saudi ministry says diplomat arrived in riyadh safely and is undergoing medical checkups . gunmen kidnapped the diplomat , abdullah al khalidi , in aden , yemen , in 2012 .
jeremy ben-ami : netanyahu 's powerfully worded speech is no substitute for a strategy to keep iran from getting nuclear weapons . he says without a plan , the only option is to put u.s. on path to military action . netanyahu also lobbied for iraq invasion in 2002 , ben-ami says .
uk twins , one white and one black , have had to fight to prove they 're sisters . `` my family is beautiful , '' one sister posts on facebook .
mohammed emwazi 's ex-head teacher says he was a quiet boy , slightly bullied at school . she says there was no sign during his school years that he was turning to radical islam . advocacy group releases audio with emwazi 's complaints of security services ' questioning .
brian keith terrell execution halted while georgia analyzes drugs used for executions . kelly gissendaner 's execution postponed because drugs `` appeared cloudy , '' georgia says .
isis released 19 assyrian christians on sunday and plans to release 10 more . the sudden reversal has puzzled many .
gunmen killed 17 tourists and two others on wednesday at a museum in tunisia 's capital . u.s. , uk and other foreign governments have issued travel warnings . tourism numbers had been increasing in tunisia in recent years , following downturn after 2011 arab spring unrest .
the man known as africa often helped employees at a homeless shelter . but he sometimes acted erratically , and footage showed him fighting before his death .
celeste and morne nurse 's baby was stolen from the hospital in 1997 . 17 years later , their child has been found .
50 % of girls in malawi will be married by the time they turn 18 . studies show the practice increases the risks of childbirth for both mother and infant . new laws preventing child marriage are still overruled by malawi 's constitution .
timothy stanley : hillary clinton 's use of personal email is a nonscandal . he says a serious context is murky issue of benghazi ; less serious is political context . jeb bush is using revelation to score points , stanley says .
teen activist group spark researches history 's `` invisible '' women . stories of women will be shared on google 's field trip app .
longtime foes u.s. and iran now find themselves on same side of some critical conflicts . a nuclear deal would loosen sanctions on iran , and allow it to devote more resources to propping up assad regime in syria .
canadian pastor is reported missing by his family after a trip to north korea . hyeon soo lim , 60 , speaks korean fluently and has visited north korea numerous times . tour groups : north korea is easing its ebola policy .
the new contract includes a first look deal . her court show is set through the 2017 season . `` judge judy '' is the highest-rated regular series in all of tv syndication .
12 states do not allow same-sex marriages . the u.s. supreme court could settle the issue for good when it rules this year .
jury deliberations in the abid naseer terrorism case begin after two weeks of testimony . naseer is accused of supporting al-qaeda and conspiring to bomb a shopping center in england .
petraeus resigned as cia chief when the affair came to light in 2012 . the general provided classified intelligence to his biographer , who was also his mistress .
social media explodes for `` sharknado 3 '' it will debut this summer on syfy . the storm will slam washington , before heading to florida .
official : parents who sign affidavit vowing to vaccinate their children will be released . pakistan has more new polio cases than any other country . militants have targeted health workers administering vaccines for years .
nigerian singer nneka releases latest album , `` my fairy tales '' she combines reggae and afrobeat with powerful lyrics tackling politics , love and forgiveness .
pilot error and snow were reasons stated for buddy holly plane crash . an aviation enthusiast has new theories for crash that also killed the big bopper and ritchie valens .
maggie smith causes fuss by saying next season of `` downton abbey '' may be her last . such speculation was hurriedly squashed by a `` downton '' publicist . here are some of our favorite dowager countess zingers from the show .
wood is making a comeback as a construction material . new engineered woods allow for greater strength and heights in buildings .
england knocked out of the cricket world cup after defeat to bangladesh . it has n't gone past the quarterfinal stage of the competition since 1992 . england has just one win to its name at the tournament , over scotland . bangladesh through to the knockout stages of the tournament .
jassem emwazi 's attorney tells cnn he will sue people who say son is `` jihadi john '' kuwaiti newspaper : father of mohammed emwazi attacks `` false rumors '' about his son .
document shows veterans at va 's largest hospital facing months-long waits for appointments . last month , va official said average wait time was four days . sources say not much has changed despite reaction after last year 's va scandal .
conrad hilton , younger brother of paris hilton , will admit to misdemeanor assault . penalty for the charge is up to six months in prison , but prosecutors will recommend probation . hilton signs court documents stating he smoked pot on flight , `` became belligerent ''
likely outcome for baghdad 's current offensive to reclaim tikrit is defeat for isis , writes hayder al-khoei . al-khoei : crucial element for success will be varied make-up of the groups involved in the fight . both shia and sunni groups view isis as a common threat and enemy that must be defeated , he adds .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial in 2013 boston marathon bombings . his parents , who are divorced , have both moved to russian republic of dagestan . his sisters and brother 's widow are believed to be living in new jersey .
lawyer aamer anwar says isis 's recruitment tactics differ widely from those of al qaeda . isis engages in one-to-one dialogue with potential jihadis while sat 2,000 miles away : anwar . group runs a slick , modern social media machine distributing messages on different platforms .
flight qz8501 went down in december with 162 on board ; 100 bodies have been recovered so far . indonesia 's search and rescue chief says the operation is moving into a new phase . there will be a smaller-scale search for one more week in the java sea .
naseer is convicted of supporting al qaeda , conspiring to bomb a shopping center in england . he maintained his innocence throughout the two-week trial in new york .
the steven kasher gallery will be showing powerful photos from the 1965 selma marches . included are images from the late charles moore , whose civil rights work is legendary .
michael brown 's parents say son 's death not in vain if report prompts change . some experts warn the numbers alone do n't show what 's happening in ferguson . several residents have complained of being stopped for dwb , driving while black .
scott atlas : nearly three-quarters of those insured under obamacare were added to medicaid . access to the best doctors is very limited ; patients often have little choice of doctors , he says .
nestle usa plans to remove all artificial flavors and colors from its chocolate candies . marion nestle : consumers pushing for less additives .
costello : the midwest is not ` flyover country ' and has more to offer than friendliness . the region need rebranding , as two guys from minneapolis are attempting , she says .
1,200 sailors to go through a three-hull swap , serving aboard three different carriers in one tour of duty . crew members will serve on three carriers named after presidents . the swap will take them from japan , around south america to virginia , and then back west to san diego .
hillary mann leverett : middle east less stable than at any point in modern history . united states needs constructive ties with all major regional states , including iran , she says .
a truck filled with gold bars pulled over alongside interstate 95 in north carolina . two guards say they were both bound by men claiming to be police . authorities are trying to determine if it may have been an inside job .
iraqi forces make some progress as they seek to advance toward tikrit . the city , best known to westerners as saddam hussein 's birthplace , was taken by isis in june .
a door in the washroom of lefty 's old time music hall in brisbane , australia , leads to a completely different bar . lefty 's stocks about 100 whiskies , the mermaid bar has about 100 rums . other secret bars in brisbane are found beneath the regatta hotel and behind kwan brothers restaurant .
a federal judge in mobile had cleared way for same-sex marriages . alabama supreme court on tuesday said state law can not be overridden by federal ruling . judges have five days to respond to order if they disagree .
julie holland : american women taking too many anti-depressants , blunting their valuable emotional reactivity , creating new normal . she says anti-depressants dampen moodiness , but it 's healthy , useful for women to be moody . changing natural state damages society .
mark o'mara : justice department says ferguson has record of racial discrimination . o'mara says police force in ferguson must be dismantled . he says a new department , with new practices to prevent replay of abuses , can be model for others , help repair injustices in ferguson .
mexican authorities say no shots were fired when they captured the alleged head of the zetas . united states has an extradition request for omar trevino morales . official : he 's `` one of the most dangerous and bloodthirsty criminals in mexico ''
australia pm : we hate drug crime , but we hate capital punishment , too . prisoners will be notified 72 hours before execution is to take place . two men to be shot are considered the leaders of failed heroin-smuggling plot .
court fines two cartoonists for insulting turkish president recep tayyip erdogan . weekly satirical magazine penguen says it will appeal the decision . press advocates express concern about criminal defamation laws in turkey .
`` please see the film and then talk about it , '' filmmaker urges . news channels warned not to air controversial documentary about rape in india . debate centers on whether withholding film is censorship or prevention of repugnant views .
inbee park wins lpga tour event in singapore on sunday . south korean denies no. 1 lydia ko her third successive victory . ko finishes second , with former no. 1 stacey lewis third . park has now played 92 holes without dropping a shot .
all bodies have been recovered from the mine , officials say . methane is suspected in the blast at the zasyadko mine in the donetsk region . ukrainian leaders accuse separatists of not giving access to ukrainian rescue teams .
a turkish airlines jet carrying 224 people skids upon landing in kathmandu . pictures show passengers using slides to get off the airbus a330 amid heavy fog . international flights are called off because there 's no way to move the commercial jetliner .
hong kong protests highlight rift between the city and mainland china . residents say massive influx of chinese has disturbed peace , and driven up prices . but the protests points at a deeper issue about hong kong identity .
star trek actor leonard nimoy died friday , age 83 . anthony rotolo : it 's difficult to measure the impact of nimoy 's role .
real madrid qualifies for the quarterfinals of european champions league . cristiano ronaldo scores twice in 4-3 defeat by schalke . real wins 5-4 on aggregate following 2-0 first leg success . porto through to last eight following victory over basel .
jacob russell 's intimate photo essay follows kurdish female fighters . he says the images of these peshmerga have an important social , political role .
paris prosecutor : arrest warrant is issued for three men suspected in the 1982 attack . six people were killed and 22 people injured in the attack on the kosher restaurant .
police say a note hidden in a bike 's handlebar listed extorted businesses . the crime network is based in casal di principe , a village near naples , police say . arrests stemmed from investigation that began in 2012 .
bomb `` tore large chunks of flesh out '' of boy 's body , prosecutor says . defense admits dzhokhar tsarnaev 's role in boston marathon bombings . older brother influenced tsarnaev to follow him , attorney says .
experts fear proposed canal through nicaragua could adversely affect central america 's largest lake . mostly untouched by development , lake nicaragua supports indigenous communities and low-level tourism . author recently toured the gorgeous lake and surrounding area .
quantum of the seas cost nearly $ 1 billion to build and is billed the world 's smartest cruise ship . robots make your drinks , you can take out a surfboard on deck and surf the web at speed . the company behind it , royal caribbean , believe it is `` winning cruise wars ''
islamist extremism poses a growing threat in parts of north and sub-saharan africa . extremist groups operating in africa include isis , al qaeda in the islamic maghreb , al shabaab and boko haram .
china has linked violence in its far-western muslim region of xinjiang to isis . top xinjiang official says chinese nationals have fought for the extremist group . uyghur activists dispute the assertions , pointing to the lack of evidence .
hong young , 35 , is under police guard at a hospital , police said . he is charged with attempted first-degree murder , assault and other charges .
uk campaign group proposes to transform houses of parliament into affordable housing units . westminster is one of the most expensive boroughs of london for buying or renting property . parliament could require restoration work totaling $ 4.6 billion .
fda official says olympus never got permission to sell its endoscope . medical device is connected to cre outbreak in california that 's left two people dead .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
jaquita gonzales ' husband was a member of the cabin crew on board mh370 . she says she 's unable to move on until she knows what happened to plane . she 's one of many relatives of passengers who are angry with how authorities have treated them .
school chief : muslim families should n't have to weigh school vs. religious observances . bill de blasio had pledged to change the school calendar during his mayoral campaign . new york city 's public schools already observe jewish and christian holidays .
japan 's musashi was once one of the two largest warships in the world . a team led by microsoft co-founder paul allen makes discovery of the ship . maritime museum director says he 's `` 90 % sure '' the ship was the musashi .
possible 2016 gop candidate ben carson stirs controversy with comments on gays , prison . carson 's views belong in another decade , not modern america , john d. sutter says .
authorities get warrants for 37 sites , search more than 50 locations in california . the `` maternity tourism '' sites are apartment complexes catering largely to pregnant women from china .
samuel eto'o determined to rid football of racism . he says award for fighting racism the `` biggest '' of his career . eto'o says he does not expect problems at 2018 world cup in russia .
laguardia airport 's runway 13 reopens after plane removed . passenger : airplane skidded for about 20 seconds before stopping feet from water . fire department reports 24 non-life-threatening injuries , three headed to area hospitals .
tunisia weathered the arab spring and has been buoyed by its tourism industry . authors : the fedayeen-style attacks are an effort to spread fear and weaken the nation .
radoslaw rzehak : about 1.7 million children affected by conflict in ukraine . rzehak : social systems are collapsing and children are bearing the brunt .
iranians met netanyahu 's speech with indignation , indifference , writes alex vatanka . moderates believe obama 's cold shoulder is vindication of rouhani 's strategy , he says . hardliners suggest the speech shows u.s. insincerity but have not argued against talks .
u.s. ambassador to south korea attacked , but in stable condition .
mark lippert , u.s. ambassador to south korea , was attacked in seoul . scott snyder : attacks on public figures in south korea not unprecedented .
the pair are teaming up for a film based on popular memoir . it 's the second bio-based project recently for lawrence . spielberg was originally attached to `` american sniper ''
a 2014 study finds lgbt residents in rural parts of nebraska have lower rates of health insurance coverage . people who wait to seek care , worried they wo n't find an lgbt-friendly doctor , can face serious medical consequences .
netanyahu says a deal would open the way for iran 's nuclear weapons . iranian foreign minister says speech had `` no effect on the negotiating table ''
don mclean : it 's bad idea for ntsb to re-examine 1959 crash that killed buddy holly , `` big bopper , '' ritchie valens . he says it 's distasteful ; they should `` rest in peace '' he says looking at crash case again is only part of the `` american death trip '' that pervades our culture .
several u.s. diplomats have died after being attacked . they include then-ambassadors christopher stevens , john mein and francis meloy .
florida man arrested in uae for `` cyberslander '' after facebook comments . ryan pate , 30 , was in florida when he made the remarks . pate said he regrets calling his employers `` backstabbers ''
more women are needed to change the culture of britain 's intelligence agencies , report says . mumsnet , an online parenting forum , could be used to reach a new pool of talent , it suggests .
the man now known as `` jihadi john '' was on britain 's terror radar for several years . court documents claim he was a member of a terror recruitment network in london . the papers spell out his connections to other known terrorists in somalia .
david brock : the story is another example of gop efforts to create a phony controversy . hillary clinton 's email practices did n't break the law , he says .
ben & jerry 's founders say they like the idea of weed-laced ice cream . the company says it 's not considering such a flavor , but `` perhaps it 's high time ''
liverpool beats swansea 1-0 in the english premier league on monday night . a fortunate goal from liverpool 's jordan henderson settles matters in wales . brendan rogers ' side moves within two points of manchester united in fourth spot . liverpool extend good run to seven wins from its last eight epl matches .
`` i remember screaming for someone to help us , '' one survivor recalls . the first day of the boston marathon bombings trial focuses on the survivors . several survivors testify about the sights , smells and pain of that day .
xu , a former vice chairman of the central military commission , dies of bladder cancer . the official was the most senior military leader to face corruption charges in recent memory . statement : xu took advantage of his position to promote others and take bribes .
kaka gearing up to appear in the mls for orlando city . former ac milan and real madrid star keen to resurrect international career . 89-times capped star says he wants to play in 2018 world cup in russia .
a series of kremlin critics have been murdered since vladimir putin came to power . the killing of boris nemtsov has struck fear into the hearts of putin 's critics .
a second officer was shot in the hip , but suffered no injuries . `` the bullet went through -- the radio saved him , '' fulton police chief cassandra jones says .
election tv debates only arrived in the uk in 2010 . broadcasters are keen to repeat the head-to-head format in the run-up to the 2015 poll . but factional politics and arguments about who is invited may derail a tv debate .
character actor daniel von bargen has died at the age of 64 . he played george 's boss mr. kruger on `` seinfeld '' he was commandant edwin spangler on `` malcolm in the middle ''
police found the pup after neighbors heard gunshots . cabela is expected to be rehabilitated within a week . her treatment cost several thousand dollars .
documentary maker leslee udwin says she 's shocked by indian authorities ' ban on showing her film . she says the ban is a `` missed opportunity '' for india to show it cares about equality for women . udwin says the root of the problem of sexual violence in india and elsewhere is gender inequality .
one of the 13 senior leaders killed was the al qaeda affiliate 's military commander , the source says . the special operation was part of a wider effort by syrian forces around idlib province .
modern tracking technology might have helped solve the mystery of malaysia airlines flight 370 . a year after mh370 vanished , airline tracking is still largely the same . most airliners use ground radar instead of satellites ; tracking over oceans is spotty , at best .
hyeon soo lim , 60 , speaks korean fluently and has visited north korea numerous times . north korea has detained westerners on religious grounds .
young victims in the village of njaba , ages 13 to 19 were singled out for killing , witness says . `` they hurled petrol bombs into homes and opened fire on anyone trying to flee , '' witness says .
so far , one person has been fired ; two more are on administrative leave . controversial police chief tom jackson remains at the helm .
growing numbers of americans are attracted to isis . more than 20,000 foreigners have gone to fight for isis , experts have told congress .
delaware department of justice wo n't pursue charges against nascar driver kurt busch . busch has denied committing domestic abuse against ex-girlfriend patricia driscoll . but busch must stay away from driscoll for one year , according to family court ruling .
more than 5,000 flights with u.s. ties canceled or delayed . people in louisville and other cities in kentucky will have plenty of snowman-building material . boston is close to a season snow record , but it 's iffy this system will provide enough to top the mark .
a bald eagle has been braving snow to protect her nest . octopi have been acting up . a lion scared a family at a safari park by opening their car door . quokkas are the cutest rodents ever , and they 're all over instagram .
elephants have been symbolic of the circus since the 19th century . ringling brothers circus is ending use of elephants soon . historian wonders if more changes are to come .
attorney says jury in civil lawsuit will make decision based on lower burden of proof . word of the lawsuit comes a day after justice department declines to charge darren wilson .
court : authorities obtain an arrest warrant for the man suspected in the stabbing . u.s. ambassador mark lippert underwent surgery and is recovering . north korea calls the ambassador 's stabbing a `` knife attack of justice ''
national geographic has announced the discovery of a lost city in the remote honduran rainforest . the magazine says scientists believe the city belonged to a mysterious ancient civilization . a team documented the site after aerial light scanning showed man-made structures .
the town of ouarzazate is often called morocco 's hollywood . ridley scott 's film `` gladiator '' and parts of `` game of thrones '' have been filmed in the area . the industry is making a comeback after being hit hard by the global financial crisis .
the jawbone was found in ethiopia 's afar region , not far from where `` lucy '' was discovered . it has been dated to 2.8 million years ago , which means it helps fill in a crucial gap in our knowledge .
dan stevens of `` downton abbey '' is to play the beast . luke evans is cast as gaston in the live-action film . emma watson is playing belle .
nimrud was city in assyrian kingdom , which flourished between 900 b.c. and 612 b.c. isis has destroyed other ancient sites in iraq , home of some of earliest civilizations .
australia 's foreign ministry lodges a complaint over the treatment of the two convicted men during a prisoner transfer . a police commissioner appears in photos with the men , taken during a flight from jakarta to central java . australia had offered to swap prisoners for bali 9 death row duo , but indonesia says there is no laws that allow for prisoner exchange . australia pm : we hate drug crime , but we hate capital punishment , too .
`` lgbt people in syria need help , and they need to be supported , '' says nour , a syrian gay rights activist now living in turkey . `` we tried to reach out to some groups , international entities , and they said that lgbt people in syria are not our priority , '' he says . the international gay and lesbian human rights commission is calling for action to protect lgbt syrians and iraqis from isis .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
isis images claim to show gay men being thrown off buildings . jessica stern : antidote to their bleak worldview will be long-term and hard-won .
two years ago , a dad blogger called attention to the `` amazon mom '' program . after his death , dads are urging the retail giant to change the name to `` amazon family '' the petition drive has gotten more than 4,800 signatures .
sandberg 's `` lean in '' movement is partnering with the nba and wnba . in a psa , lebron james encourages men to lean in for women . studies show girls whose fathers do chores consider a wider array of professions .
mayor of danbury , connecticut , teases students on twitter about school closings . mark boughton tweets jokes , keeps kids guessing about snow days . mayor : `` it is sort of a tradition around here ''
some motorists still stuck on interstate . kentucky governor says state officials did everything they could in advance . motorists also had been stranded on interstate 24 near paducah , kentucky .
investigators have always wondered if more people were involved in the bombings than just the brothers . former navy investigator : i think `` they had somebody who was more of a skilled bomb maker . . assist them '' there was no evidence the brothers ever tested their bombs before using them , cnn analyst says .
gloria borger : democratic party has no real alternative for 2016 and its bench is painfully thin . she says it may not be fun , but democrats have no choice but to defend clinton on issues like the email question .
dorothy brown : ferguson political system has been effective at oppressing majority . it has done so with the timing and type of elections , brown says . brown : fines filled city coffers ; black citizens have been remarkably patient , but no more .
china says its military spending will increase by 10.1 % in 2015 . china prioritizing military spending even as economic growth slows . spending likely to focus on china 's naval force .
adam dandach , 21 , of orange , california , was arrested july 3 . he was initially indicted on charges of making false statements on a passport application . the new superseding indictment accuses dandach of attempting to assist the terror group isis .
website boss tells cnn that teen did n't seem radical to him . the teen , who lives in a virginia suburb of washington , is accused of helping a slightly older adult travel to syria . teen , whose name was not disclosed , was taken into custody last week , officials say .
katharine zaleski said she judged working moms before she became one . her online essay has sparked widespread discussion on social media . zaleski co-founded power to fly , which matches stay-at-home moms with technical jobs .
andrew marcum , 21 , responded to a warrant on him posted on facebook . `` i ai n't tripping half of them do n't even know me , '' the purported message says .
who leader : this vaccine could be `` the first preventive tool against ebola in history '' this trial campaign will be conducted in a hard-hit region of the west african nation of guinea . authorities have had success in curbing ebola , but dozens of new cases still arise each week .
crystal wright : jeb bush emerging as gop 's 2016 frontrunner . previous bush playbooks wo n't work this time , she says .
saudi arabia-led coalition launched airstrikes in yemen last wednesday . saudi intervention raises prospect of regional war between iran and arab states .
australian cricket legend shane warne is criticized for post-match interview questions . he seemed preoccupied with how australian team were planning to celebrate world cup win . critics said the comments promoted an unhealthy drinking culture to sports fans .
ford vox : democrats made errors in rush for obamacare , but provided wide public access . vox : republicans are pushing a case that would upend obamacare , but their alternative would be a disaster .
scientists say decades of research overwhelmingly shows sexual preference is inborn , not a choice . dr. ben carson told cnn that being gay is a choice and pointed to prisoners who go in straight and leave gay . prisoners do engage in homosexual practices , but that does n't mean they 've gone from straight to gay , experts say .
isis claims a suicide attack in iraq was carried out by an american . the claim has not been confirmed .
twain is heading out on a 48-city tour . tickets go on sale march 13 . it will be her farewell tour .
father describes the moment when he realized 8-year-old martin richard would n't survive . the second day of the boston marathon bombings trial is underway . survivor jeff bauman recounts how he lost his legs in the attack .
ceremonies attended by president obama to mark march 's 50th anniversary over bridge . douglas brinkley : site where voting rights battle was fought should be named for john lewis .
suspect kim ki-jung was captured after u.s. ambassador was slashed in seoul . kim had history of anti-u.s. sentiment and sympathies for north korea .
high winds are complicating efforts to recover remains and aircraft debris from the mountainous crash site . captain of rescue operations tells cnn that very few bodies have been found whole . recovery workers are being winched down in pairs , one to gather remains and the other to ensure safety .
jolie has a gene that gives her an 87 % chance of getting breast cancer . experts in cancer genetics recommend that women in a similar situation remove their ovaries as soon as they 're done having children .
uk charity commission takes `` robust action '' against muslim advocacy group cage . two charities under commission 's regulation no longer fund cage . commission cites unspecified public remarks made by case .
the wisconsin governor is on a two-day stop in the first-in-the-nation primary state . walker emphasizes his modest roots , talks of shopping with coupons .
dolphin trainer jose luis barbero was found dead in his vehicle , spanish police say . grainy viral video triggered abuse allegations as he prepared to work at the georgia aquarium .
singapore changi airport is world 's no. 1 airport for the third year in a row . the skytrax awards are based on millions of passenger surveys .
17 tourists are killed in an attack at a museum in tunisia 's capital . three gunmen remain on the loose , tunisia 's prime minister says . an interior ministry spokesman calls the attackers islamists ; no one has claimed responsibility .
the fan favorite comedy `` community '' returns for a sixth season on yahoo . the series is just as weirdly hilarious as ever , with surprises in store . critics and fans loved the premiere .
president obama calls for renewal of voting rights act . 50 years ago , 600 marchers were attacked as they attempted to march to montgomery . political leaders , celebrities and activists commemorate the watershed event .
photographer matjaz krivic 's `` somewhere under the rainbow '' series was shot over 19 years . rainbow gatherings celebrate the ideals of peace , harmony , freedom and respect .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
the moon blocks the sun , casts a shadow across parts of europe , north africa and the middle east . the view of the resulting eclipse is particularly impressive in places like norway . it 's also seen around europe , though clouds obscure the views of many in england .
on thursday the marseille prosecutor said flight 9525 's co-pilot deliberately crashed . lufthansa 's ceo said co-pilot andreas lubitz had been `` 100 % fit to fly '' aviation expert simon mitchell says regulations do not require formal psych testing .
it took about four weeks and an hour for rescuers to help a dolphin calf . fishing line was wrapped around its rostrum . dolphin was rescued off the eastern coast of florida .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
french parliament approves tuesday a bill that would allow doctors to put patients under deep sedation until they die . critics call the proposed law euthanasia in disguise . more than 90 % of french people support the bill .
comic book portraying character with joker makeup and gun to her head has stirred controversy . critics say it is too violent , creepy and out of step with the tone of the series . dc comics says the scene recalls a memorable moment in batgirl 's canon .
this summer , the popular 1980s `` secret war '' comic book storyline will return . story will affect every marvel comic , ending 33 titles . 2000s `` civil war '' story will also be revisiting , pitting characters against each other .
director kenneth branagh 's `` cinderella '' stars cate blanchett , lily james . liam neeson stars in crime film about hit man trying to save his estranged son .
protesters gather outside the ferguson police department , chanting `` fight back '' police chief thomas jackson 's resignation is effective march 19 . the city says he 'll get severance pay and health insurance for one year .
president talks with huffington post about israeli leader . interview covers netanyahu stance on two-state solution , arab voters .
details of the victims of the attack on the tunisian museum start to emerge . among the dead are four italians , three french citizens , three japanese and two spaniards .
bob jones iii suggested homosexuals should be stoned in 1980 . a petition asking for an apology gathered 1,900 signatures .
ruben navarrette : a driver 's license is not only about transportation but about identity . he says it took a hard fight for young immigrants to win the right to driver 's licenses in arizona .
tropical cyclone pam struck the island nation of vanuatu . aid workers on the ground are reporting massive destruction .
six months ago , 43 students from ayotzinapa college in mexico disappeared . erika guevara rosas : it is outrageous that mexican authorities have not found them .
more than 60 are injured , many critically , official says . the cement factory was owned by a bangladeshi army welfare organization . in recent years , bangladesh has had other deadly incidents at factories .
eight have already returned and three more are due monday . the returning workers are clinicians for partners in health , a boston-based aid group . none of them is showing symptoms so far .
sally kohn : facts hazy on uva rape allegations , but victim-blaming is back in the mix . she says poor rolling stone reporting gave some license to discredit notion of rape culture .
the plane suffers mechanical failure , and the pilots eject . u.s. navy ship searches for them , and a helicopter picks them up .
nigeria 's postponed presidential election is slated to be held on march 28 . incumbent goodluck jonathan will face-off against former military ruler muhammadu buhari . technologists and ngos are working together to help voters prepare for the election .
steve mccurry 's `` afghan girl '' is one of the world 's most recognizable photographs . mccurry has worked in most of the world 's war zones over a 40-year career . a retrospective exhibition of his work has opened in italy .
american-made clothing brands try to cut out middleman , selling directly to consumers . pros include smaller margins that can lower prices for consumers . social media make finding customers easier , but it 's still an uphill battle .
digital illustrator milumbe haimbe challenges stereotypes and tackles the diversity gap through her work . last may , she was one of the winners at the dakar biennale .
transgender 20-something says indiana 's new feels like legalized discrimination . business owner says the law protects his catholic beliefs .
pakistan postpones inmate 's execution for the second time . shafqat hussain was convicted at age 14 ; his family says confession extracted under torture .
the university of oklahoma president says chant created a `` hostile educational environment '' two students are expelled ; they have until friday to appeal .
tahmooressi released from georgia jail after his dui , open container arrest . last year , he spent 7 months in a mexico jail .
elo used to be a successful male model . in 2001 he founded the london motor museum which today has over 200 cars . elo also customizes cars for clients across the world .
real estate heir robert durst has been investigated in two deaths and a disappearance . a microphone catches durst saying he `` killed them all '' legal experts debate whether that audio can be used against him in court .
a passenger train derails about 35 kilometers -lrb- 22 miles -rrb- east of lucknow in northern india . the train overshot an intended stop , a railway spokesman says .
dallas police say ahmed al-jumaili was killed by shot from a rifle , but they are n't revealing what type . authorities say shooting does not appear to be a hate crime , but that has n't been ruled out .
bassem youssef is a visiting fellow at harvard working on `` political satire and humor '' egypt 's jon stewart had program that ran for three years in post-arab spring days . `` there is room for satire and comedy as long as it 's acceptable '' by those in control , he says .
court of appeals rules certain parts of drug law are unconstitutional . the catch : it 's still illegal to sell the drugs . irish government is rushing to fix law .
ashley summers disappeared on july 6 , 2007 , when she was 14 . her step-grandmother saw a photo of a woman who looks like summers on the rhode island most wanted website . the fbi is seeking the public 's assistance in identifying the woman .
pizza maker enzo cacialli hands pope francis pie as motorcade drives through naples . pie was topped with yellow cherry tomatoes , had `` il papa '' spelled out in dough .
police chief in vermont says robert durst owned store where college student bought prunes before she disappeared . durst 's attorney : `` i just do n't think that they had sufficient evidence to have him arrested '' robert durst , who is charged with first-degree murder in california , awaits extradition .
official says men broke into a convent school and one sexually assaulted a septuagenarian nun . a series of publicized rapes have occurred in india in recent years .
ryan elliot giroux , 41 , accused of murder , burglary and many other offenses . giroux was arrested in california in 2006 in a knife assault case , police say .
a jet fires missiles on and near palace grounds in aden . passengers are stranded at an airport in aden amid fierce fighting . supporters of yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi clash with special forces loyal to rebels .
from blu to vib , the latest crop of hotel names features misspellings and unexpected word usage . it 's part of the hospitality industry 's aim to target millennial psychographic and trademark their names . w hotels by starwood was among the pioneers of this strategy , opening its first hotel in 1998 .
energy minister says 90 % of istanbul 's power has been restored . turkish prime minister : all possible causes of outage under investigation , including terrorism .
`` pretty woman , '' the julia roberts-richard gere romantic comedy , was released march 23 , 1990 . pros : roberts -lrb- as vivian -rrb- is empowered and shows humanity ; there a real `` zingers '' in the dialogue . cons : the movie glosses over harsh realities of prostitution and celebrates consumerism .
fmr . ambassador forced to resign in 2012 amidst criticism over personal email use at the state department . claims accusations against him unwarranted . he took issue with state dept. security protocol because they used the same firewall as gmail . although his experience was somewhat different than hillary clinton 's , he was `` was very surprised to learn of the double standard . ''
`` the walking dead '' ended its fifth season with many shocking moments . spoiler : rick and crew made it through the finale alive .
report : syrian conflict is `` a stain on the conscience of the international community '' u.n. resolutions aimed at helping civilians have failed to change the situation , it says . at least 220,000 people are estimated to have been killed in four years of war .
a us airways flight diverts to greensboro for a passenger in labor . the flight was originally from philadelphia to charlotte , north carolina . mother and daughter are doing well in a greensboro hospital .
errol louis : bigger question than kind of email used is whether hillary clinton 's emails show favoritism for donors . he says some corporations and foreign nation donors stained by sanctions for illegal behavior . louis : if voters see a quid pro quo from the former secretary of state 's emails , it could derail her candidacy .
international women 's day doodles stir controversy in china . baidu and youku depict women as girls , brides and mothers . feminist activists held by police over the weekend .
the election was delayed for six weeks . it comes as the nation battles extremist group boko haram .
firing squads were an option in utah before they were banned in 2004 . new law would allow them as execution method if proper drugs not available for lethal injection . many states are having problems getting the drugs .
`` iron man '' star robert downey jr. presents a young child with a bionic arm . alex pring 's mother says her son had been teased about not having an arm .
lynn smith used to work in the movie industry in london . she changed her career to become an artist in mauritius .
professor notes she has indians in her class and interning at her laboratory . an online post suggests a german professor rejected a student over india 's `` rape problem '' professor denies this but does apologize for anyone `` hurt '' by her remarks on indian society .
angelina jolie tells kids ' choice awards audience that she felt out of place growing up . she came to accept that `` different is good ''
religion professor candida moss appears in each episode of the program .
benjamin netanyahu dismissed idea of palestinian state during campaign . alan elsner : israeli officials have started backing away from his statements .
only 45 % of patients and their caregivers say their doctor told them they have alzheimer 's . yet more than 90 % of common cancer patients were given their diagnosis . advocates say truthful diagnosis is critical to quality of life and future planning .
african-american atheists represent a small but growing segment of american atheists at large . most blacks , though , identify as religious , and the church is intricately tied to tradition , history and culture .
the hit fox show , which aired until 2002 , could be returning . co-star david duchovny has said `` it looks good '' there were two `` x-files '' movies , a spinoff and a board game .
aaron hernandez is on trial in the death of odin lloyd . his fiance has pleaded not guilty to perjury charges .
victor solis is charged with making a false statement to an fbi agent . solis ' son is an l.a. police officer who has been charged with murder . the fbi says the father took the son to el paso , where he crossed into mexico .
ronald brockmeyer resigns as ferguson 's municipal court judge . the city 's court cases are being transferred to another judge . ` extraordinary action is warranted in ferguson , ' the state 's chief justice says .
a cate blanchett interview goes awry . the interviewer tries to ask blanchett casual questions . but `` cinderella '' star seemingly does n't take well to one of them .
james corden 's first `` late late show '' premiered monday on cbs . corden proved a charming , entertaining host . tom hanks and mila kunis joined in the fun .
jooney woodward took portraits of show animals and their handlers in the uk . the livestock shows are just as much business events as they are social gatherings .
if greece and spain have such different approaches to fiscal prudence , lisa tripp asks why both are in crisis ? something else is going on , she says : that something else , in large part , is the euro .
us weekly retracts a story about the daughter of former olympian bruce jenner . us weekly quoted kendall jenner as saying she supported her father . bruce jenner is making headlines over rumors he is becoming a woman .
firing squads will be allowed in utah if drugs for lethal injection ca n't be obtained . lethan injection remains the primary method for executions in the state .
the world was just starting to become aware of the ebola outbreak a year ago . the director general for doctors without borders calls the outbreak `` tragic and avoidable ''
china 's controversial one-child policy was recently relaxed . however , there 's been no big rush for a second child . many couples say the financial cost is too great .
a group of tween boys attended a recent workshop focusing on gender stereotypes . in new sheknows media poll , 76 % of men admitted using phrases like `` man up '' and `` be a man '' the poll also found signs men and women are rethinking what masculinity means today .
rangers arrested five men and sealed off the party 's headquarter for hours . mqm is based in karachi and is one of pakistan 's largest political parties . businesses , gas pumps and schools remain closed in karachi due to raid aftermath .
julian zelizer : if ted cruz follows barry goldwater 's path , he and his party could lose big . contrary to conventional wisdom , gop primary voters are more interested in victory than ideology , he says .
sam simon helped create `` the simpsons , '' oversaw first four seasons . simon earned millions and was determined to give it away . animal welfare was among simon 's primary causes .
catfish with large , dark eyes and puckered lips named after bounty hunter greedo . greedo is the bounty hunter killed by han solo in `` star wars episode iv : a new hope ''
audio message was released online saturday and speaker is said to be boko haram leader . expert says partnership will have benefits for both groups , including giving isis international legitimacy . but u.s. intelligence officials have indicated their doubts they groups would work well as partners .
police chief apologizes for failure to send letter to girls ' parents but defends police inquiry . relatives of the girls tell uk lawmakers they had no idea what the girls were planning . family members criticize how police handled the case , say they were not kept informed .
a large crowd walks the footsteps of those who marched 50 years ago . they are crossing the edmund pettus bridge , named for a former kkk leader . president obama called saturday for renewal of voting rights act .
tunisian president says third person who took part in museum attack is on the run . the bodies of four italian tourists killed in tunis are returned to italy .
